,rdfs:comment
0,"People with 17-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 3 deficiency, abbreviated as ""17-beta,"" have XY chromosomes and testes, but their bodies do not have one of the enzymes needed to synthesize testosterone. Most people with 17-beta are born with a vulva and vagina, and their testes are most often undescended. Some people with 17-beta will be born with genitals that do not clearly resemble a typical penis or a typical vulva. Some will have a penis that may be smaller than typical (known as a micropenis), and the urethra may open on the underside of the penis rather than at the tip (known as hypospadias). In adolescence, people with 17-beta will often develop some secondary sex characteristics associated with a typical testosterone puberty."
1,"Term used to refer to a wide range of variations in sex characteristics. The term ""intersex conditions"" is a pathologizing term used to mean people born with variations in their physical sex characteristics also known as intersex traits."
2,"Abbreviation used to describe Two-Spirit people, lesbians, gay men, bisexual people, transgender people, queer people, and other gender and sexual minorities as a group; commonly used in Canada to emphasize the particularities of Indigenous people's experiences."
3,"Acronym used to describe lesbians, gay men, bisexual people, transgender people, queer people, and any other sexual and gender minorities as a group."
4,Groups of people who share the experience of being bisexual.
5,Groups of people who share the experience of being gay men.
6,Groups of people who share the experience of being lesbians.
7,Groups of people who share the experience of being queer.
8,Groups of people who share the experience of being transgender.
9,A group of Two-Spirit people united by their shared identity.
10,"People with 5-alpha reductase deficiency, abbreviated as 5-ARD, have XY chromosomes, testes, and typical levels of testosterone, but their bodies do not have the enzyme responsible for converting testosterone to the more powerful androgen dihydrotestosterone (DHT). This affects how an individual's external sex characteristics develop, and people born with 5-ARD often have genital differences that are noticed at birth. In adolescence, people with 5-ARD typically develop some features associated with testosterone puberty, and they may experience genital growth at this point."
11,"69ing refers to an act of shared oral sex between two people simultaneously giving and receiving oral sex, one on top of the other, said to look similar to the number 69. "
12,Sexual activities performed using the mouth.
13,A sexual act involving the use of the mouth and tongue to stimulate another person's external genitalia (typically the penis or clitoris).
14,"A sexual act involving the use of the mouth and tongue to stimulate the clitoris, labia, and vagina."
15,"Asexual people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
16,"LGBTQ+ people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
17,"Bisexual people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
18,"Gay men who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
19,"Intersex people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
20,"Lesbians who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
21,"LGBTQ+ people who are part of an Indigenous people, or culturally distinct ethnic group whose members are directly descended from the earliest known inhabitants of a particular region and, to some extent, maintain the language and culture of those people. Only use to describe people who identify as Indigenous; use more specific terms whenever possible."
22,"Queer people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
23,"Transgender people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
24,Term used to describe the identity of people who are both Indigenous and queer and view those identities as inherently related and interconnected.
25,Indigenous queer people who recognize their queer identity as salient to their Indigenous identity and vice versa; some but not all Indigiqueer people also identify as Two-Spirit; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Indigiqueer.
26,Indigenous Australian term for people who transition from male to female.
27,A commonly mistranslated Burmese term for people assigned male at birth who exhibit feminine behaviors while serving as spiritual mediums; there is some question over the legitimacy of term.
28,Broad term describing gender and sexual identities specific to regions outside of North America and Europe.
29,"Fanfiction that focuses on, incorporates, or details the relationships of real-life actors, often of the same sex or gender."
30,"Fanfiction about real people, such as actors or musicians; often but not always used to describe fanfiction focusing on (real or imagined) same-sex or same-gender relationships between celebrities."
31,"LGBTQ+ people who act in stage plays, movies, television shows, broadcasts, or other productions."
32,Series of moving images edited to tell a story or capture an event; use in reference to films focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes.
33,"Sexual attraction or erotic desire between members of the same sex or gender; typically used to describe temporary, latent, or unfulfilled desire rather than a more permanent sexual identity or orientation."
34,"LGBTQ+ people who were adopted, whether or not by LGBTQ+ parents."
35,"Self-identified lesbians, gay men, bisexual people, transgender people, queer people, and other sexual and gender minorities."
36,The experience of being an adoptive parent to a child or children. An adoptive parent is the person or persons who become permanent parents through adoption with all the responsibilities therein.
37,The experiences of being an LGBTQ+ parent and the responsibilities involved.
38,"Adoption of a child or children, either by legal or informal processes, by LGBTQ+ people. "
39,"A basis of parenthood understood to be in opposition to biological parenthood, that challenges the assumption that parenthood presupposes blood relation. Social parenthood is the full- or part-time care, nurturing, and protection of a child by an adult who has taken on that duty. "
40,"People who have adopted children, either legally or through a social/cultural practice."
41,People who act as parents to one or more people.
42,Parents who adopt and who are LGBTQ+ people.
43,Biological or genetic parents of a child or children placed for adoption.
44,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ae went to the Homosaurus website. I watched aer browse the Homosaurus. Ae uses the Homosaurus aerself.
45,"Personal pronouns that are not officially (i.e., in dictionaries, style guides, etc.) recognized by the language that they are used in. Often intended to be gender neutral."
46,"Words used in place of a noun. Typically used in the context of ""personal pronouns,"" or pronouns used to describe people (e.g., she, he, they, ze)."
47,Asexual people of African descent born in the United States or asexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
48,African American people who are also LGBTQ+; do not use for people of color broadly; follow the individual's preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
49,Bisexual people of African descent born in the United States or bisexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
50,Black people who are bisexual. Use only for individuals who self-identity as Black. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
51,African American slang term that describes a subculture of Black men who identify as heterosexual but have sex with men.
52,Gay men of African descent born in the United States or gay men born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
53,Intersex people of African descent born in the United States or intersex people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
54,Lesbians of African descent born in the United States or lesbians born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
55,Black people who are also LGBTQ+; do not use for people of color broadly; follow the individual's preference for Black or African American whenever possible.
56,Queer people of African descent born in the United States or queer people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
57,Transgender people of African descent born in the United States or transgender people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
58,Term from the 1980s (or earlier) that describes a certain type of young Latin American or African American man who has sex with men and who dresses in stereotypical masculine urban fashion.
59,Culturally affirming term for sexual identity that is often used to describe African American homosexual people.
60,"LGBTQ+ people of native African ancestry living outside of the continent of Africa. While this term is commonly used to describe descendants of Africans who were enslaved and forcibly transported to the Americas via the transatlantic slave trade between the 16th and 19th centuries, it can also be used to refer to descendants of Africans who voluntarily immigrated to other parts of the world. Do not conflate with Black LGBTQ+ people or African American LGBTQ+ people. Follow the individual's preference whenever possible."
61,Black people who are transgender. Use only for individuals who self-identity as Black. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
62,Asexual people of African descent born in Canada or asexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
63,LGBTQ+ people of African descent born in Canada or LGBTQ+ people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada; use for individuals who self-identity as Afro-Canadian.
64,Black people who are asexual. Use only for individuals who self-identity as Black. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
65,Bisexual people of African descent born in Canada or bisexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
66,Gay men of African descent born in Canada or gay men born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
67,Lesbians of African descent born in Canada or lesbians born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
68,Queer people of African descent born in Canada or queer people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
69,Transgender people of African descent born in Canada or transgender people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
70,Asexual people of African descent born in the Caribbean or asexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
71,LGBTQ+ people of African descent born in the Caribbean or LGBTQ+ people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
72,Bisexual people of African descent born in the Caribbean or bisexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
73,Gay men of African descent born in the Caribbean or gay men born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
74,Lesbians of African descent born in the Caribbean or lesbians born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
75,Queer people of African descent born in the Caribbean or queer people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
76,Transgender people of African descent born in the Caribbean or transgender people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
77,Asexual people of African descent born in European countries or asexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
78,LGBTQ+ people of African descent born in European countries or LGBTQ+ people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
79,Bisexual people of African descent born in European countries or bisexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
80,Gay men of African descent born in European countries or gay men born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
81,Lesbians of African descent born in European countries or lesbians born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
82,Queer people of African descent born in European countries or queer people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
83,Transgender people of African descent born in European countries or transgender people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
84,Asexual people of African descent born in Latin American countries or asexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
85,LGBTQ+ people of African descent born in Latin American countries or LGBTQ+ people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
86,"Latin American people who are asexual; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Latino, Latina, or Latinx. Do not conflate with Chicano/a/x or Hispanic."
87,Bisexual people of African descent born in Latin American countries or bisexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
88,Gay men of African descent born in Latin American countries or gay men born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
89,Lesbians of African descent born in Latin American countries or lesbians born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
90,"Latin American people who are LGBTQ+; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Latino, Latina, or Latinx. Do not conflate with Chicano/a/x or Hispanic."
91,Queer people of African descent born in Latin American countries or queer people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
92,Transgender people of African descent born in Latin American countries or transgender people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
93,"The age at which a person is considered legally competent to consent to sexual acts. The age of consent varies depending on the country, state, or culture."
94,"Permission or agreement for a set of actions to occur, particularly in a sexual encounter and/or within a relational dynamic."
95,"Legislation determining the kinds of sexual behaviors and activities that are legally permissible. Laws vary by jurisdiction but typically address crimes like sexual coercion, sexual assault, incest, and sex trafficking. Historically and in the present day, sexual offenses laws have also served to criminalize consensual but non-normative sexual practices, such as anal sex and homosexuality."
96,"Ongoing connections (romantic, sexual, play, or platonic) between two or more people of different age groups or from different generations."
97,"A content warning applied to fanworks to signal the depiction of people under the age of consent in sexual situations, either with other underage people or adults."
98,Identity term used to describe people who do not have genders or who identify with genderlessness.
99,"A person’s experience of having a particular gender, which may or may not correspond with the gender or sex they were assigned at birth."
100,"People who identify as not having a gender, or being genderless."
101,"Individuals whose gender identities and practices differ from those of the dominant culture. Use the term ""Sexual minorities"" for individuals whose sexual identities, orientations, and practices differ from those of the dominant culture."
102,Broad term for people who do not conform to their gender assigned at birth. Add more specific terms when possible.
103,Individuals whose gender identity exists outside of the gender binary; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as non-binary.
104,"A form of roleplay, typically sexual, that occurs between consenting adults in which one or more participants play an age different from their biological age."
105,Practice in which one or more people take on a different identity or role to fulfill a desire or fantasy.
106,"Erotic preference and form of personal relationship involving the consensual use of restraint, intense sensory stimulation, and fantasy power roleplay."
107,Filipino word that translates to both hermaphrodite and a gay slur.
108,"Insulting or discriminating remarks, innuendos, or names intended to demoralize a person, typically by disparaging that person's identity or social group. Generally, for a term to be considered a slur, it must be derogatory towards a particular person or group, it must be used to subordinate them within some structure of power relations, and the derogated person or group must be defined by an intrinsic property such as their race, sexual orientation, gender identity, etc. This category includes terms considered slurs at any point in their usage. Therefore, some of these terms may no longer be considered universally derogatory, may be in common usage, or may be selectively reclaimed by certain groups."
109,Filipino word for people who are assigned male at birth who adopt feminine mannerisms; often considered a third gender.
110,People who campaign for social and political change for people affected by HIV/AIDS.
111,"LGBTQ+ people who organize or campaign for social, cultural, political, or economic goals and change."
112,Community-based groups or institutions that provide support and advocacy for people affected by HIV/AIDS.
113,Abbreviation for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).
114,Refers to various social and political movements aimed at securing equity and equal representation for LGBTQ+ people.
115,Activism and other efforts to bring attention to the AIDS epidemic.
116,Red ribbon that acts as an international symbol for HIV and AIDS awareness; first adopted in the early 1990s for the Red Ribbon Project.
117,Experiences related to people with AIDS approaching or having reached the end of their lives.
118,Experiences related to LGBTQ+ people approaching or having reached the end of their lives.
119,"Public announcements in periodicals, online information centers, or social media about the death of an LGBTQ+ person, typically including details about funerals and memorial services."
120,Public notices published shortly after an LGBTQ+ person's death to inform others of their passing and celebrate their life.
121,End-of-life care for those with AIDS and their families; aimed at optimizing quality of life and mitigating suffering.
122,"Instruction about HIV/AIDS, including topics like the history of the AIDS epidemic, contraction, prevention, and treatment."
123,Process by which information is provided to individuals or communities.
124,"A set of practices aimed to minimize the risk of STI transmission, including but not limited to using condoms and dental dams, taking PrEP, and participating in regular STI testing."
125,"Instruction about sexual health and sexuality, including topics such as consent, safer sex, transmission of STIs, and reproduction."
126,"State of physical, emotional, mental, and social well being in relation to sexuality. This includes one’s ability to have responsible, satisfying, and safer sex free of violence or coercion. "
127,"Institutions dedicated to education, prevention, and treatment of HIV/AIDS; AIDS information centers often provide services like HIV counseling and testing services."
128,An institution that locates and compiles information for the LGBTQ+ community into a central database that can be accessed by the public.
129,"Quilts created to celebrate the lives of people who have died of AIDS-related causes, bring awareness to the AIDS epidemic, and provide support and healing for those affected. The term is often used to refer to the NAMES Project AIDS Memorial Quilt started by Cleve Jones in 1985."
130,Projects and events celebrating the lives of people who have died of AIDS-related causes.
131,"Projects, events, monuments, and sculptures created to memorialize or celebrate LGBTQ+ people, communities, or events."
132,"Organized measures taken for the maintenance or improvement of health via the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, or cure of disease, illness, injury, or other condition."
133,Print or digital publications published periodically and created by or for people with AIDS.
134,"Organized measures taken for the maintenance or improvement of health via the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and/or cure of disease, illness, injury, or other conditions; use in reference to health care addressing the particular needs of LGBTQ+ individuals or communities."
135,Publications or serials by or about LGBTQ+ people; use a more specific term if possible.
136,"Newspapers, magazines, or other publishing outlets aimed at LGBTQ+ audiences and/or operated by LGBTQ+ people."
137,"Antagonism or disgust directed toward individuals with HIV/AIDS or behaviors perceived as putting oneself at risk for contracting HIV/AIDS. AIDS phobia may include isolation, stereotypes, verbal harassment, and physical violence."
138,"Antagonism or disgust directed towards LGBTQ+ identities or people due to their sexuality or gender, perceived or actual. LGBTQ+ phobia can include denial of the existence of certain LGBTQ+ identities, stereotypes, verbal harassment, and physical violence."
139,A Cook Islands Māori word referring to transgender people of Māori descent from the Cook Islands.
140,"Acronym used to describe Pasifika/Pacific Islander gender diverse identities as a group. The acronym includes Māhū (Hawai'i and Tahiti), Vaka sa lewa lewa (Fiji), Palopa (Papua New Guinea), Fa’afafine (Samoa), Akava’ine (Rarotonga), Fakaleitī (Tonga), Fakafifine (Niue), and more."
141,Tamil slur for effeminate gay man; directly translates to hermaphrodite.
142,"Individuals of a privileged social identity who support, stand in solidarity with, and work to advance the interests of marginalized groups they do not belong to."
143,Individuals who are romantically and sexually attracted to members of the opposite sex or gender.
144,"Alliances to make schools, sports clubs, etc. safe and welcoming to all people regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity."
145,"Places, policies, people, or institutions that are open and welcoming to LGBTQ+ people."
146,Direct action and organizing to achieve political or social change and acceptance for LGBTQ+ people.
147,"Individuals who experience romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner, often alongside sexual attraction."
148,Individuals who experience romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward people of more than one sex or gender.
149,Individuals who experience romantic attraction or romantic desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward members of the opposite sex or gender.
150,Individuals who experience romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward members of the same sex or gender.
151,Individuals who experience romantic attraction or romantic desire toward others in a frequent and consistent manner irrespective of sex or gender.
152,"A romantic orientation characterized by the occurrence of romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner, often alongside sexual attraction."
153,Individuals who do not generally experience romantic attraction or desire.
154,The direction or nature of an individual's romantic attraction toward others.
155,A romantic orientation characterized by the occurrence of romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward more than one sex or gender.
156,A romantic orientation characterized by the occurrence of romantic attraction or romantic desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward members of the opposite sex or gender.
157,A romantic orientation characterized by the occurrence of romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward members of the same sex or gender.
158,A romantic orientation characterized by the occurrence of romantic attraction or romantic desire in a frequent and consistent manner irrespective of sex or gender.
159,A romantic orientation generally characterized by a lack of romantic attraction or desire.
160,Individuals who generally experience sexual attraction or the desire for partnered sexual experiences.
161,The belief that everyone should be either sexually available or in a sexual relationship.
162,A sexual orientation generally characterized by the occurrence of sexual attraction or the desire for partnered sexual experiences.
163,"An enduring pattern of sexual attraction towards a certain sex or multiple sexes, as well as characterizations, objects, situational fantasies, or behaviors; generally understood to be either or both biologically determined and culturally and/or sociologically dictated."
164,Ongoing connections between two or more individuals involving sexual behaviors or activities.
165,"The direction of an individual's sexual attraction towards other individuals of the same, opposite, or multiple sexes; commonly understood to be biologically and physiologically dictated, rather than sociologically determined."
166,Individuals who are romantically and/or sexually attracted to more than one gender and who identify as bisexual; do not use to describe pansexual or polysexual people unless they also use the term bisexual.
167,"Individuals who self-identify as pansexual, meaning that they are sexually attracted to people of all genders. Some but not all pansexual people also identify as ""gender-blind"" because gender is insignificant or irrelevant in determining their attraction."
168,Outdated term for lesbians and gay men.
169,Settings alternative to the canonical universe of a text in which fanfiction might take place.
170,"Tropes and genres commonly used in fanfiction. Examples include ""there was only one bed"" and ""enemies to lovers"" romance plots."
171,"The alternate universe fanworks trope in which society is divided into three categories of people: alphas, betas, and omegas. Fanworks in the omegaverse often depict characters with genitalia and breeding behaviors (such as heat cycles) similar to wolves. Use to describe fanworks in the omegaverse that focus on LGBTQ+ people and issues."
172,"Term used to describe fanfiction about trans characters, typically characters who are not stated to be transgender, transsexual, or gender diverse in the canon text"
173,"In Native American Mohave tribes, people assigned male at birth who exhibit feminine traits and could become socially female, often serving as healers."
174,"In Native American Mohave tribes, hwame are people assigned female at birth who exhibit masculine traits and are socially male."
175,Indigenous people in North America who self-identify as Two-Spirit to reconnect with the multiple gender and sexual roles in Native cultures.
176,The assumption that all people share a desire for romantic relationships and that this is a preferential life goal.
177,Group-held beliefs about how members of that group should behave in a given context.
178,The assumption that all people share a desire for monogamous relationships and that this is a preferential life goal.
179,"The unjust or prejudicial treatment of LGBTQ+ people or communities due to their sexual or gender identities; may include the denial of legal rights, employment, and housing."
180,"Nation of all-female warriors in Greek mythology and Classical antiquity; from the Early Modern period, their name has become a term for woman warriors in general as well as a cultural symbol invoked in lesbian communities."
181,"Adults who self-identify as women and understand their gender in terms of Western conceptions of womanness, femaleness, and/or femininity. The term has typically been defined as adult female humans, though not all women identify with the term ""female"" depending on the context in which it is used."
182,"Individuals who self-identify as lesbian and belong to lesbian communities. The term has been predominately used to describe women who are exclusively or primarily romantically and/or sexually attracted to other women. However, not all lesbians are women, and gender non-conforming people who belong to lesbian communities have often identified as lesbian."
183,"A term used to describe a birth variation in which the outer genitals do not have the typical appearance of those associated with either boys or girls. This is often the first sign many doctors and parents see that indicate their child has an intersex variation. Ambiguous genitalia can be caused by a variety of variations and rarely require immediate surgical intervention as long as the child is able to excrete and urinate without complications. Many intersex people find this term stigmatizing, so it should not be used unless the individual uses it to describe themselves."
184,A sex toy used in anal play that consists of multiple attached spheres (or balls) that are continuously inserted through the anus into the rectum and then removed with varying speeds.
185,"Objects, devices, or articles of clothing used for sexual stimulation or to enhance sexual pleasure and experiences."
186,Sexual activity involving penetration of the anus.
187,Sexual practice of inserting a fist into an anus.
188,The insertion of a hand (or fist) into the vagina or anus.
189,Sexual practice of inserting a fist into a vagina.
190,Sexual stimulation of the anus by the tongue or mouth.
191,The act of engaging in a physical and/or mental interaction with another person or object with the specific intent to illicit sexual arousal or climax.
192,"Activities associated with physical and/or mental sexual stimuli, including but not limited to intercourse and sexual pleasure."
193,
194,The practice of engaging in anal sex without using a condom.
195,Sexual act involving the use of and insertion of the fingers to stimulate the vagina and/or anus.
196,"Slang term (typically regarded as vulgar) for the sexual act of penetrating another individual’s mouth, anus, or vagina with a penis or dildo. May also be used to describe sex acts in general (e.g., ""They were fucking."")."
197,The sexual act of penetrating an individual's anus with a penis or dildo.
198,Umbrella term for sex acts involving the buttocks and anus.
199,Sex toys designed to be inserted into the rectum for sexual pleasure. Buttplugs tend to be shorter than dildos and have a flared base that prevents them from being lost in the rectum.
200,"A liquid application device used as a douche or to cleanse the bowels or vagina, or usage of such a device. Can be used for sexual or erotic purposes."
201,"A term used in non-monogamous communities to refer to a long-term partner with multiple commitments. Often used in place of language that is seen as hierarchical (e.g., primary/secondary partner)."
202,People who practice romantic or sexual relationships with more than one person simultaneously.
203,"People who share a romantic, sexual, or play partnership with another person or people."
204,"A form of consensual non-monogamy in which a person has multiple partners who are not ""equal"" to one another in terms of time, emotional intensity, financial, or scheduling matters."
205,"A term used in non-monogamous communities to refer to partners an individual lives with. Often used in place of language that is seen as hierarchical (e.g., primary partner, secondary partner)."
206,"People who engage in romantic, sexual, or play relationships with more than one person simultaneously, with the knowledge and consent of all parties involved."
207,"Practice of engaging in romantic, sexual, or play relationships with more than one person simultaneously, with the knowledge and consent of all parties involved."
208,"People born with AIS have XY chromosomes and testes, and their bodies have varying levels of insensitivity to androgens (including testosterone). This means that their cells do not respond typically to the testosterone that they produce. Like other variations in sex characteristics, AIS is a spectrum, with the subcategories of complete (CAIS), partial (PAIS), and mild androgen insensitivity (MAIS). The term ""male androgen insensitivity syndrome"" should not be used to describe this variation because many people with AIS are women."
209,"People with partial androgen insensitivity (PAIS) have some response to testosterone, but not as much as is typical for people with XY chromosomes without androgen insensitivity. People with PAIS may be born with testes that are undescended or partially descended and with genital differences such as a vaginal opening that is shallower than typical, a phallus that may be perceived as a large clitoris or a small penis, and variations affecting their urethra. They might also be born with genitals that look more like a penis or like a vulva and vagina. In adolescence, people with PAIS may develop some features that are associated with a typical testosterone puberty and others that are associated with a typical estrogen puberty since their body responds to some of the testosterone that their gonads produce while the rest is converted into estrogen."
210,"People with complete gonadal dysgenesis are born with XX or XY chromosomes and gonadal tissue that has not developed into testicles or ovaries (also known as streak gonads). They are generally born with a vulva and vagina, and they will not usually develop secondary sex characteristics at puberty because streak gonads do not produce hormones."
211,"People with mild androgen insensitivity syndrome (MAIS) respond to testosterone at a somewhat reduced level compared to typical levels, which means that they will usually be born with a penis (which may or may not be smaller than typical) and will later develop secondary sex characteristics associated with a typical testosterone puberty. Because their bodies convert a small amount of their naturally produced androgens into estrogen, they may have visible variations in features, such as the amount of facial hair, body hair, or muscle tone they develop. They may also experience some breast development during puberty."
212,"A term that encompasses testosterone, dihydrotestosterone, and other hormones primarily produced in the testes but also in the ovaries and adrenal glands."
213,"Regulatory substances produced in organisms and transported throughout the body to stimulate specific cells or tissues into action. Though hormones regulate digestion, respiration, sleep, and many other bodily functions, the term is most commonly used by the general public to describe the ""sex hormones,"" or the hormones involved in puberty and sexual development, reproduction, and sexual desire."
214,"The process of altering one's sex hormones using hormone blockers and/or doses of testosterone, estrogen, or progesterone."
215,Israeli term used in Rabbinical literature to describe both an intersex mythological creature and refer to a legal condition.
216,"Individuals born with variations in their genitalia, hormones, internal anatomy, and/or chromosomes that do not fully or exclusively conform to medical or social expectations for males or females. Only use to describe people who describe themselves as intersex."
217,People who have a non-binary gender that includes masculine and feminine traits.
218,The combination of masculine and feminine characteristics.
219,"Term used to describe the way individuals express their gender identity through their appearance and behaviors, including gestures, movement, dress, and grooming."
220,"Culture-specific sets of attributes, behaviors, and roles generally associated with women or girls."
221,"Term used to describe people, typically children, who do not conform to traditional gender norms and instead creatively interweave their internal and external experiences to understand their gender identity and expression. May also be used to describe a way of raising children outside of traditional gender norms."
222,"The practice of transgressing or ""bending"" expected gender roles, which often involves adopting or exaggerating stereotypically feminine or masculine traits to expose them as artificial. Gender bending is similar to drag, though drag is often associated with artistic or stage performances, whereas gender bending is typically enacted in everyday life."
223,"Culture-specific sets of attributes, behaviors, and roles generally associated with men or boys."
224,"Socially-determined rules or standards for gendered behaviors. Some LGBTQ+ people identify with gender roles that exist outside of the gender binary (e.g., butches, femmes, twinks, bears). Use the term ""Gender role stereotypes"" to describe widely held but oversimplified or offensive ideas regarding gender roles."
225,"The fan community that focuses on, incorporates, or details the relationships of characters derived from anime or manga."
226,"Communities of people who are fans of a particular work or media property. Participation in fandom can include writing and reading fanfiction, creating and viewing fanart, attending conventions, cosplaying, and/or roleplaying."
227,"The fan community that focuses on, incorporates, or details the relationships of characters from bara manga and anime."
228,"The fan community that focuses on, incorporates, or details the relationships of characters in hentai, or sexually explicit anime and manga."
229,"The fan community that focuses on, incorporates, or details the sexual or romantic relationships between male characters from anime and manga."
230,"Japanese word that means ""beautiful boy"" and is used to describe a particular aesthetic of androgynous male beauty. While in Japanese ""bishounen"" refers specifically to youths under the age of twenty and ""biseinen"" is used to describe beautiful adult men, English-speaking anime and manga fan communities often use ""bishounen"" in reference to any good-looking male character, regardless of age."
231,"The fan community that focuses on, incorporates, or details the romantic or sexual relationships between female characters from anime and manga."
232,Japanese comics or graphic novels focused on LGBTQ+ people or themes.
233,Satirical drawings created by LGBTQ+ cartoonists or that depict someone or something relating to LGBTQ+ culture.
234,People who donated their gametes with the understanding that their identity would remain unknown by any potential offspring.
235,"Individuals who donate their own biological materials, typically gametes (e.g., sperm or eggs), organs, or blood."
236,"The process by which a fetus is conceived through donor insemination, egg donation, surrogacy, IVF, and/or other reproductive technologies."
237,"Sexual encounters between two or more people who do not know one another, typically with no expectation of future communication or interaction."
238,"Intermittent or isolated sexual encounters between two or more people, typically occurring outside of romantic relationships or other forms of commitment, emotional attachment, or familiarity."
239,UK slang term commonly used in gay communities to describe the practice of engaging in anonymous sex in a public bathroom or cruising for sexual partners there. 
240,"Walking or driving about a locality in search of a sex partner, typically to engage in casual sex."
241,"Places where people engage in sexual activities, including private and public spaces."
242,"Term used to describe the ways in which individuals experience and express themselves sexually, including the types of people and practices they are sexually interested in."
243,U.S. slang term that refers to anonymous sex in a public bathroom or the practice of cruising for sexual partners in public bathrooms.
244,"A person with anorchia has 46 XY chromosomes and is born without testes. As a result, they do not produce typical levels of testosterone. Someone with anorchia will usually have a typical-appearing penis and scrotum because these organs are already formed by the stage of fetal development when the testes disappear."
245,"The unjust or prejudicial treatment of asexual people due to their sexual identity; may include the denial of legal rights, employment, and housing."
246,Unwillingness to accept or affirm LGBTQ+ people or their identities in attitude or practice.
247,Behavior involving physical force intended to harm or kill asexual people on the basis of their identity.
248,Behavior involving physical force intended to harm or kill LGBTQ+ people on the basis of their identity. 
249,"Criminal acts motivated by the victim’s actual or perceived race, nationality, religion, sexual identity, gender identity, or ability status."
250,"The unjust or prejudicial treatment of bisexual people due to their sexual identity; may include the denial of legal rights, employment, and housing."
251,"Antagonism or disgust directed toward bisexuality as an identity or bisexual people due to their sexuality. Biphobia can include denial of the existence of bisexuality, stereotypes, verbal harassment, and physical violence."
252,Behavior involving physical force intended to harm or kill bisexual people on the basis of their identity. 
253,"Term used to acknowledge the particularities of racism as directed toward Black people. Anti-Blackness includes the belief that Black people possess different inherent behavioral traits that correspond to inherited attributes and are inferior to those of other races--particularly white people. Anti-Blackness also encompasses prejudice, discrimination, and antagonism (whether personal or systematic) directed toward Black people because of their race and its perceived inferiority."
254,"The belief that groups of human beings possess different inherent behavioral traits that correspond to inherited attributes and can be divided based on the superiority of one race over another. This term also encompasses prejudice, discrimination, and antagonism (whether personal or systematic) directed against other people because of their race and its perceived inferiority."
255,Term coined by scholar Moya Bailey to describe the intersection of misogyny and anti-Black racism as directed toward Black women.
256,"Term coined by coined by Trudy of the womanist blog Gradient Lair to describe the intersection of transphobia, misogyny, and anti-Black racism as directed toward Black trans women."
257,"A multidiscplinary field of study and intellectual framework used by scholars and activists to examine the intersections of race, class, and law in the United States, as well as to challenge mainstream U.S. liberal approaches to racial justice. Key concepts of CRT include the argument that race is a social construct with no biological basis and that racism and disparate racial outcomes are the result of complex, changing, and often subtle social and institutional dynamics, rather than individuals' explicit and intentional prejudices."
258,"Any of various forms of inappropriate conduct, illegal actions, or abuses of power which directly or indirectly harm Black LGBTQ+ persons."
259,"Legislation designed to prevent employment, housing, education, and other forms of discrimination against protected groups of people."
260,System of rules or conduct recognized and legally enforced within a country or community.
261,"Buildings, recreational areas, and other types of properties that are owned and maintained by state or local government and are thus available for use by the public."
262,Opposition to some or all forms of feminism.
263,"Collection of movements aimed at defining, establishing, and defending equal political, economic, and social rights and equal opportunities for women."
264,Special rights or immunities granted to specific people or groups that are used to falsely homogenize or discriminate against other people or groups.
265,"The unjust or prejudicial treatment of gay men due to their sexual identity; may include the denial of legal rights, employment, and housing."
266,"Antagonism or disgust directed towards homosexuality as an identity or men who are perceived to be or are actually gay. Homophobia can include denial of the existence of homosexuality, stereotypes, verbal harassment, and physical violence. This term is often used colloquially to encompass all LGBTQ+ phobia."
267,Behavior involving physical force intended to harm or kill gay men on the basis of their identity. 
268,"Forced or coerced removal of the testes or use of the testes, typically through surgical or chemical means, enacted by legal authorities or as a hate crime."
269,"The unjust or prejudicial treatment of intersex people due to the fact that they are intersex; may include the denial of legal rights, employment, and housing."
270,"Antagonism or disgust directed toward intersex people or intersex variations. Intersexphobia can include the denial of the existence of intersex people, insistence that intersex variations should be forcibly ""corrected,"" stereotypes, verbal harassment, and physical violence."
271,Behavior involving physical force intended to harm or kill intersex people because they are intersex.
272,"The unjust or prejudicial treatment of lesbians due to their sexual identity; may include the denial of legal rights, employment, and housing."
273,"Antagonism or disgust directed towards lesbianism as an identity or lesbians due to their sexuality, perceived or actual. Lesbophobia can include denial of the existence of lesbianism, stereotypes, verbal harassment, and physical violence."
274,Behavior involving physical force intended to harm or kill lesbians on the basis of their identity. 
275,Behavior involving physical force intended to harm or kill queer people on the basis of their identity. 
276,Behavior involving physical force intended to harm or kill transgender people on the basis of their identity. 
277,Behavior involving physical force intended to harm or kill Two-Spirit people on the basis of their identity. 
278,"Acts of violence and abuse directed toward individuals in private, domestic settings; can be used to describe singular or repeated incidents."
279,Intentional killing of LGBTQ+ people due to their gender and/or sexual identities.
280,Any of various forms of police violence aimed toward LGBTQ+ people.
281,Systematic mistreatment of LGBTQ+ people on the basis of their gender or sexual identities.
282,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced hate crimes and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
283,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced rape and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
284,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced sexual abuse and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
285,"Unwelcome behavior of a sexual nature, including unwanted advances or requests for sexual favors."
286,"Sexual acts or attempts to coerce sexual acts that involve the use of non-consensual violence. This term encompasses sexual assault, rape, and sexual abuse."
287,People who have experienced and survived anti-LGBTQ+ violence; follow individuals’ preference for “victims” or “survivors” whenever possible.
288,"The unjust or prejudicial treatment of queer people due to their identity; may include the denial of legal rights, employment, and housing."
289,"Antagonism or disgust directed towards queerness as an identity or queer people due to their identity, perceived or actual. Queerphobia can include denial of the existence of queerness, stereotypes, verbal harassment, and physical violence."
290,"Umbrella term used to describe a range of ideas, policies, and political actions that are intended to actively challenge, reject, or oppose racism and racial oppression (whether personal or systemic), as well as advocate for racial equity."
291,"The unjust or prejudicial treatment of transgender people (or others perceived to be transgressing gender norms) due to their gender identity and/or expression; may include the denial of legal rights, employment, and housing."
292,The practice or policy of denying equal access and support to trans people.
293,"The act of using or referring to a person’s assigned name rather than their chosen name, commonly with malicious intent."
294,"Process by which human conditions and experiences come to be defined and treated as medical conditions and thus become the subject of medical study, diagnosis, prevention, and/or treatment. Use in reference to non-medical problems, such as LGBTQ+ identities and practices, that have been wrongly treated as medical issues."
295,"Proposed legislation concerning gender-segregated public bathrooms or public bathrooms that individuals believe should be gender-segregated, typically stipulating who can and cannot access those spaces. Public bathroom bills have often been used to exclude and criminalize gay men, lesbians, and transgender people."
296,Rooms or small buildings with one or more toilets (or urinals) available for use by the general public or by customers or employees of a business.
297,The intersection of transphobia and misogyny as directed toward trans women and transfeminine people.
298,"Antagonism or disgust directed toward trans individuals (or others perceived to be transgressing gender norms) due to their gender identity and/or expression. Transphobia can include denial of the existence of trans identities, stereotypes, verbal harassment, and physical violence."
299,"A spelling of ""woman"" or ""women"" that first appeared in print in 1976 and is used in certain feminist circles to avoid having the suffix of ""men.""  Some contemporary transgender activists have criticized use of the word ""womyn"" due to its prevalence in trans-exclusionary radical feminist (TERF) circles following the exclusion of trans women from the Michigan Womyn’s Music Festival."
300,"The unjust or prejudicial treatment of Two-Spirit people due to their identity; may include the denial of legal rights, employment, and housing."
301,"People with aphallia have XY chromosomes, testes, and are born without a penis. They produce typical levels of testosterone, and they develop secondary sex characteristics associated with a typical testosterone puberty during adolescence."
302,"A form of cultural appropriation and race shifting involving false claims of citizenship, belonging, and/or descent from Indigenous people in North America. Not to be confused with disconnected or reconnecting descendants."
303,"Falsely claiming belonging to a marginalized group (including, but not limited to: disability, ethnicity, race, and sexuality)."
304,"A form of cultural appropriation involving identification with Two-Spirit identity by people who cannot claim citizenship, belonging, and/or descent from Indigenous people in North America."
305,Identity term used by Indigenous people in North America to reconnect with the multiple gender and sexual roles in Indigenous cultures.
306,"Asexual people who are from Arab countries, speak Arabic, and/or are descended from Arab peoples. Do not conflate with Muslim people."
307,"LGBTQ+ people who are from Arab countries, speak Arabic, and/or are descended from Arab peoples. Do not conflate with Muslim people."
308,"Bisexual people who are from Arab countries, speak Arabic, and/or are descended from Arab peoples. Do not conflate with Muslim people."
309,"Gay men who are from Arab countries, speak Arabic, and/or are descended from Arab peoples. Do not conflate with Muslim people."
310,"Intersex people who are from Arab countries, speak Arabic, and/or are descended from Arab peoples. Do not conflate with Muslim people."
311,"Lesbians from Arab countries, speak Arabic, and/or are descended from Arab peoples. Do not conflate with Muslim people."
312,LGBTQ+ people who are not white and who identify as people of color.
313,"Groups of people who share an identity based on a common nationality, culture, ancestry, language, religion, etc. and who also identify as LGBTQ+. Do not use to describe migrants."
314,"Queer people who are from Arab countries, speak Arabic, and/or are descended from Arab peoples. Do not conflate with Muslim people."
315,"Transgender people who are from Arab countries, speak Arabic, and/or are descended from Arab peoples. Do not conflate with Muslim people."
316,"Indian term for people who identify as women trapped in male bodies; many prefer other terms, such as hijra or thirunangai."
317,Hindi word used in South Asia to refer to people assigned male at birth who identify as women or “not-men.”
318,"Regional term in Tamil Nadu, India for people assigned male at birth who identify as women."
319,"Abbreviation for AIDS-related complex, a term used early in the AIDS epidemic to describe people with symptomatic HIV infections who have not been formally diagnosed with AIDS. Since 2000, clinical use of the term has been largely discontinued."
320,"A type of cancer that causes lesions to grow in the skin, lymph nodes, internal organs, and mucous membranes; often affects people with immune deficiencies, such as AIDS."
321,Asexual people who are ethnically Armenian.
322,LGBTQ+ people who are ethnically Armenian.
323,Bisexual people who are ethnically Armenian.
324,Gay men who are ethnically Armenian.
325,Intersex people who are ethnically Armenian.
326,Lesbians who are ethnically Armenian.
327,Queer people who are ethnically Armenian.
328,Transgender people who are ethnically Armenian.
329,"Term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by aromantic artists or about aromantic topics and communities. 
"
330,"Umbrella term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by LGBTQ+ artists or about LGBTQ+ topics and communities. Use a more specific term if possible."
331,"Erotic art, created by aromantic artists, depicting aromantic people, or that are regarded as important within aromantic culture."
332,Creators of written works who are known to be aromantic.
333,Creators of written works who are known to be LGBTQ+.
334,Creators of written works who are known to be asexual.
335,Creators of written works who are known to be gay.
336,Creators of written works who are known to be intersex.
337,Creators of written works who are known to be lesbians.
338,"Written works featuring LGBTQ+ characters or themes, or works intended to be read by LGBTQ+ people."
339,Creators of written works who are known to be queer.
340,Creators of written works who are known to be transgender.
341,Creators of written works who are known to be Two-Spirit.
342,The participation and inclusion of aromantic people in fan communities.
343,Creators of written works who are known to be bisexual.
344,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on aromantic characters or themes.
345,"Literary work, typically written in verse, that focuses on aromantic characters, themes, or identity."
346,"Written literary works about aromanticism, aromantic characters, or aromantic themes.				"
347,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by aromantic authors.				
348,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on aromantic characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of aromantic studies.				"
349,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for biographies written by aromantic authors.				
350,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by LGBTQ+ authors.
351,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by gay authors.
352,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by lesbian authors.
353,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by queer authors.
354,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by transgender authors.
355,Written accounts of the lives of individuals known to be LGBTQ+.
356,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on aromantic characters or themes.
357,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes.
358,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on aromantic characters or themes.				
359,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes.
360,"Works in the performance arts that focus on aromantic characters, communities, or issues.				"
361,"Umbrella term for different forms of creative activity dealing with or engaging with erotic themes, including visual, material, and performing art, by LGBTQ+ artists or about LGBTQ+ topics and communities. Use a more specific term if possible."
362,"Erotic films or movies, created by aromantic directors, depicting aromantic people, or that are regarded as important within aromantic culture."
363,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring aromantic people.
364,"Erotic films or movies, created by LGBTQ+ directors, depicting LGBTQ+ people, or that are regarded as important within LGBTQ+ culture. Use a more specific narrower term where applicable."
365,Literary works with erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on aromantic characters or themes.				
366,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes.
367,"Families, whether biological, adoptive, or chosen, in which one or more individuals identify as aromantic."
368,"Families, whether biological, adoptive, or chosen, in which one or more individuals identify as LGBTQ+."
369,Parents who are aromantic.
370,Children who have one or more aromantic parent.
371,"Genre that uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary element of plot, theme, and/or setting; use for fantasy fiction focusing on aromantic characters or themes."
372,"Genre that uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary element of plot, theme, and/or setting; use for fantasy fiction focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes."
373,Works of fiction featuring LGBTQ+ characters or themes.
374,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on aromantic characters or themes."
375,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on aromantic characters and themes.
376,Works of fiction revolving around romantic and/or sexual relationships between the main characters; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on aromantic characters.
377,"Written literary work about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on aromantic characters or themes."
378,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on asexual characters or themes.
379,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on bisexual characters or themes.
380,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on gay characters or themes.
381,Written works of fiction featuring intersex characters or addressing intersex themes.
382,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on lesbian characters or themes.
383,Written works that describe imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on queer characters or themes.
384,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on transgender characters or themes.
385,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes.
386,"Motion pictures, or movies, created by aromantic directors, depicting aromantic people, or that are regarded as important within aromantic culture."
387,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text that generally contain stand-alone stories; used in reference to graphic novels focusing on aromantic characters or themes.
388,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text that generally contain stand-alone stories; used in reference to graphic novels focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes.
389,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning aromantic people, or people who might be perceived as aromantic if they were alive today.				"
390,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning LGBTQ+ people, or people who might be perceived as LGBTQ+ if they were alive today."
391,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes."
392,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks associated with LGBTQ+ studies."
393,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on bisexual characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of bisexuality."
394,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on gay characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of gay studies."
395,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on lesbian characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of lesbian studies."
396,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on queer characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of queer theory."
397,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on transgender characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of transgender studies."
398,Written literary works featuring LGBTQ+ characters and themes.
399,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on LGBTQ+ characters and themes. 
400,LGBTQ+ people who are parents.
401,Individuals whose romantic orientations and/or practices differ from those of the dominant culture.
402,A sexual orientation generally characterized by a lack of sexual attraction or desire.
403,"Ongoing connections (romantic, sexual, or platonic) between two or more LGBTQ+ people."
404,The participation and inclusion of LGBTQ+ people in fan communities.
405,Poetry about LGBTQ+ people or relating to LGBTQ+ issues.
406,Works of fiction revolving around romantic and/or sexual relationships between the main characters; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on LGBTQ+ characters.
407,"Written literary work about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes."
408,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on aromantic characters or themes.
409,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes.
410,"Works in the performance arts that focus on LGBTQ+ characters, communities, or issues."
411,"Aromantic people who are between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
"
412,LGBTQ+ people who are between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
413,Asexual people who are between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
414,Bisexual people between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
415,"LGBTQ+ people between the ages of childhood and adulthood who do not have access to stable, safe, and adequate housing; includes youth living in emergency shelters, transitional housing, and on the street."
416,Gay people between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
417,Lesbians who are between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
418,Transgender people who are between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
419,Queer people who are between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
420,Non-binary people who are between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
421,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on aromantic characters or themes.				"
422,"Demisexual people between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
"
423,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes."
424,"People with aromatase deficiency do not have the enzyme responsible for converting androgens into estrogen. At birth, someone with aromatase deficiency and XX chromosomes may have a larger-than-typical clitoris and partially or completely fused labia (resembling the appearance of a scrotum). At puberty, they may not develop breasts, may not begin menstruating, and may develop some secondary sex characteristics associated with a typical testosterone puberty. They may also develop multiple cysts on their ovaries. People with XY chromosomes can also have aromatase deficiency, but they do not typically experience variations in their sex characteristics, though they may grow taller than is typical because estrogen is usually responsible for closing the bone growth plates."
425,"People with aromatase excess have increased production of aromatase, which converts androgens (like testosterone) into estrogen. People with XY chromosomes and aromatase excess syndrome will therefore have more active estrogen in their bodies than is typical. As a result, they will often stop growing at a shorter height and/or develop breasts in adolescence along with features associated with a typical testosterone puberty. People with XX chromosomes can also have aromatase excess, but it doesn't usually cause their sex characteristics to vary from what is considered typical for those assigned female at birth, though they may also experience breast enlargement and short stature, along with menstrual irregularities."
426,Apprehension and detention of LGBTQ+ people by an institution or authority in order to deprive them of their freedom of movement.
427,"Temporary physical and legal confinement of LGBTQ+ people by an institution or authority, typically pending criminal charges or deportation. Can also be used to describe individuals held in custody for political purposes or within the context of war."
428,Umbrella term including any of various forms of interactions between police and LGBTQ+ individuals or communities.
429,
430,
431,"The active, professed refusal of LGBTQ+ people to obey certain laws or governmental orders as a form of activism and resistance."
432,"The introduction of semen into the cervical opening, uterus, or fallopian tube using assistance from reproductive technology. Some choose not to use this term due to the implications of the word ""artificial."""
433,"The act of using sperm to induce pregnancy by natural or artificial means, especially in the context of LGBTQ+ family planning with sperm donors."
434,Individuals of any gender who donate their own sperm for the purpose of inducing pregnancy.
435,Direct action and organizing to achieve political or social change and acceptance for asexual people.
436,Asexual people working to bring about political or social change through public organizing.
437,Collections of records and materials relating to asexual people or asexual communities; can include a variety of organizations and institutions from community to government archives.
438,Collections of records and materials relating to LGBTQ+ people or LGBTQ+ communities; can include a variety of organizations and institutions from community to government archives.
439,"Term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by asexual artists or about asexual topics and communities. 
"
440,"Erotic art, created by asexual artists, depicting asexual people, or that are regarded as important within asexual culture."
441,Artists who are known to be asexual.
442,Artists who are known to be LGBTQ+.
443,Professional or recreational sports players who self-identify as asexual.
444,Individuals who generally do not experience sexual attraction or desire; do not use to describe individuals practicing celibacy or abstinence for religious or cultural reasons.
445,The participation and inclusion of asexual people in fan communities.
446,"Literary work, typically written in verse, that focuses on asexual characters, themes, or identity."
447,"Written literary works about asexuality, asexual characters, or asexual themes.				"
448,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by asexual authors.				
449,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for biographies written by asexual authors.				
450,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on asexual characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of asexual studies.				"
451,Creators of written works who are known to be greyromantic.				
452,Asexual people who are autistic.
453,LGBTQ+ people who are autistic.
454,Asexual people with significant or total loss of vision.
455,LGBTQ+ people with significant or total loss of vision.
456,Asexual people who are disabled.
457,Bookshops that sell materials intended for use by asexual people or addressing topics related to asexual experiences.
458,Bookshops that sell materials intended for use by LGBTQ+ people or addressing LGBTQ+ topics.
459,Characters in creative works who are asexual.
460,Characters in creative works who are LGBTQ+.
461,"Asexual people who are trained, professional cooks, typically holding a leadership role in the kitchen in which they are employed."
462,"LGBTQ+ people who are trained, professional cooks, typically holding a leadership role in the kitchen in which they are employed."
463,"Bisexual people who are trained, professional cooks, typically holding a leadership role in the kitchens in which they are employed."
464,"Lesbians who are trained, professional cooks, typically holding a leadership role in the kitchen in which they are employed."
465,"Gay men who are trained, professional cooks, typically holding a leadership role in the kitchen in which they are employed."
466,"Intersex people who are trained, professional cooks, typically holding a leadership role in the kitchen in which they are employed."
467,"Queer people who are trained, professional cooks, typically holding a leadership role in the kitchen in which they are employed."
468,"Transgender people who are trained, professional cooks, typically holding a leadership role in the kitchen in which they are employed."
469,"Two-Spirit people who are trained, professional cooks, typically holding a leadership role in the kitchen in which they are employed."
470,Asexual people who have not yet reached the age of adolescence.
471,Individuals between the ages of birth and pubescence.
472,LGBTQ+ people who have not yet reached the age of adolescence.
473,"Asexual people who seek to entertain an audience by making them laugh, through jokes, slapstick, employing prop comedy, or other amusing means."
474,"LGBTQ+ people who seek to entertain an audience by making them laugh, through jokes, slapstick, employing prop comedy, or other amusing means."
475,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on asexual characters or themes.
476,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on demisexual characters or themes.
477,Groups of people who share the experience of being asexual.
478,"Groups of LGBTQ+ people who share interests or interact regularly, typically living in some proximity."
479,"Spaces in which people from asexual communities meet for social, education, recreational, or organizing activities."
480,"Spaces in which people from LGBTQ+ communities meet for social, education, recreational, or organizing activities. "
481,Partnerships in which both people are asexual.
482,Partnerships in which both people are LGBTQ+.
483,"Cultural experiences shared by members of asexual communities or products of asexual culture (e.g., art and media created by and for asexual people, activism focused on asexual issues, slang commonly used in asexual communities, etc.)."
484,"Cultural experiences shared by members of LGBTQ+ communities or products of LGBTQ+ culture (e.g., art and media created by and for LGBTQ+ culture, activism focused on LGBTQ+ issues, slang commonly used in LGBTQ+ communities, etc.). Use a more specific term if possible."
485,Colloquial or informal language related to asexual identity or used by asexual people.
486,Daughters who identify as asexual.
487,Daughters who identify as LGBTQ+.
488,Asexual people with significant or total hearing loss. Some but not all Deaf people prefer to capitalize Deaf in recognition of the cultural and linguistic identity they share with other Deaf people.
489,LGBTQ+ people with significant or total hearing loss. Some but not all Deaf people prefer to capitalize Deaf in recognition of the cultural and linguistic identity they share with other Deaf people.
490,Asexual people with significant or total hearing loss who may or may not consider themselves d/Deaf.
491,LGBTQ+ people who are disabled.
492,Asexual people who use wheelchairs.
493,"Asexual people whose brains process, learn, and/or behave differently from what is considered typical by society. Some of these neurological differences can present as learning disabilities, medical disorders, and other conditions."
494,Asexual people who have long-term health conditions that require continued medical attention and/or significantly impact or limit daily life; some but not all people with chronic illnesses consider themselves disabled.
495,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on asexual characters or themes.				
496,"Works in the performance arts that focus on asexual characters, communities, or issues.				"
497,Employment of asexual people
498,Employment of LGBTQ+ individuals.
499,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring asexual people.
500,"Erotic films or movies, created by asexual directors, depicting asexual people, or that are regarded as important within asexual culture."
501,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on asexual characters or themes.
502,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on demisexual characters or themes.
503,"Families, whether biological, adoptive, or chosen, in which one or more individuals identify as asexual."
504,Parents who are asexual.
505,Children who have one or more asexual parent.
506,"Genre that uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary element of plot, theme, and/or setting; use for fantasy fiction focusing on asexual characters or themes."
507,"Genre that uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary element of plot, theme, and/or setting; use for fantasy fiction focusing on demisexual characters or themes."
508,Asexual people who are fathers.
509,LGBTQ+ people who are fathers.
510,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on asexual characters and themes.
511,Works of fiction revolving around romantic and/or sexual relationships between the main characters; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on asexual characters.
512,"Written literary work about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on asexual characters or themes."
513,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on demisexual characters or themes.
514,Characters in creative works who are bisexual.
515,"Written literary works about bisexuality, bisexual characters, or bisexual themes."
516,The participation and inclusion of bisexual people in fan communities.
517,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on greyromantic characters or themes.				
518,"Motion pictures, or movies, created by asexual directors, depicting asexual people, or that are regarded as important within asexual culture."
519,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text that generally contain stand-alone stories; used in reference to graphic novels focusing on asexual characters or themes.
520,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text that generally contain stand-alone stories; used in reference to graphic novels focusing on demisexual characters or themes.
521,LGBTQ+ people with significant or total hearing loss who may or may not consider themselves d/Deaf.
522,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning asexual people, or people who might be perceived as asexual if they were alive today."
523,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes.				"
524,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on demisexual characters or themes."
525,"Institutions providing education, support, and information about asexual issues and asexual communities to asexual people."
526,Libraries that hold materials primarily pertaining to asexual people or intended for use by asexual people.
527,Libraries that hold materials primarily pertaining to LGBTQ+ people or intended for use by LGBTQ+ people.
528,Asexual people who are mothers.
529,LGBTQ+ people who are mothers.
530,People who are mothers.
531,Umbrella term for activism focused on the rights of asexual people and issues faced by asexual communities.
532,"Institutions dedicated to the storage, exhibition, conservation, and preservation of materials relating to asexual people and asexual history."
533,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on demisexual characters and themes.
534,"LGBTQ+ people whose brains process, learn, and/or behave differently from what is considered typical by society. Some of these neurological differences can present as learning disabilities, medical disorders, and other conditions."
535,"Serialized print or digital periodicals created by or for asexual people, often with the purpose of sharing news and information related to asexual communities and asexual issues."
536,"Print or digital periodicals created by or for LGBTQ+ people, often with the purpose of sharing community news and information about related issues."
537,"Newspapers, magazines, or other publishing outlets aimed at asexual audiences and/or operated by asexual people."
538,"Serialized print or digital publications about transgender people or asexual issues (and typically produced by asexual people or asexual organizations) that contain news, articles, columns, correspondence, and advertisements."
539,"Serialized print or digital publications about LGBTQ+ people and LGBTQ+ issues (typically produced by LGBTQ+ people or LGBTQ+ organizations) that contain news, articles, columns, correspondence, and advertisements. "
540,"Operas created by asexual directors, depicting asexual individuals, or that are regarded as important within asexual culture."
541,"Long-form musical performances combining singing, orchestral music, and often ballet, typically set to a dramatic narrative or libretto and presented on a theater stage centered on LGBTQ+ characters or themes."
542,"Asexual people who are the romantic, sexual, or play partners of another person or people."
543,"Gender-neutral term for sexual, romantic, or play partners who are also LGBTQ+."
544,People whose sexual practices differ from those of the dominant culture.
545,Asexual people who do not identify as such to others.
546,"Conscious abstinence from sexual activity, often associated with religious beliefs. Celibacy is distinct from asexuality; only use to describe asexual people if they are also choosing to practice conscious abstinence."
547,Individuals who do not experience sexual attraction unless they have first formed a strong emotional connection with a person.
548,People who do not experience strong emotional connections to other people unless they form strong sexual connections with them first.
549,Systematic mistreatment of asexual people on the basis of their sexual identity.
550,Asexual people serving in state and national armed forces.
551,LGBTQ+ people serving in state and national armed forces.
552,"The presence of asexual people in the workplace, including acceptance of and issues faced by asexual workers."
553,"The presence of LGBTQ+ people in the workplace, including acceptance of and issues faced by LGBTQ+ workers."
554,Asexual people who are not white and who identify as people of color.
555,Asexual people of Asian heritage or descent born in the United States or born in Asian countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Asian American.
556,"Asexual people who are part of the Indigenous people of Mokupuni o Hawai‘i, or the Hawaiian Islands; only use to refer to people who identify as Kanaka Maoli."
557,"Asexual individuals of Asian heritage or descent, living in Asia or part of the Asian diaspora. Only use for people who self-identify as Asian."
558,Asexual people who belong to two or more racial groups.
559,LGBTQ+ people who have long-term health conditions that require continued medical attention and/or significantly impact or limit daily life; some but not all people with chronic illnesses consider themselves disabled.
560,"Literary work, typically written in verse, that focuses on demisexual characters, themes, or identity."
561,"Asexual people who are candidates for public office, are currently holding public office, or have held political positions. Politicians can be elected by public election or otherwise appointed."
562,"LGBTQ+ people who are candidates for public office, are currently holding public office, or have held political positions. Politicians can be elected by public election or otherwise appointed."
563,Companies and organizations that publish materials for asexual communities or addressing asexual issues.
564,Publishers that publish materials for LGBTQ+ communities or materials addressing LGBTQ+ issues.
565,Auditory content broadcast on the radio (analog or digital) about asexual people and asexual issues.
566,Auditory content broadcast on the radio (analog or digital) about LGBTQ+ people and/or LGBTQ+ issues.
567,"Ongoing connections (romantic, sexual, or platonic) between two or more asexual people."
568,"Legal, social, or ethical principles of freedom or entitlement held by asexual people."
569,Legal rights of LGBTQ+ people to political and social freedom and equality.
570,Works of fiction revolving around romantic and/or sexual relationships between the main characters; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on demisexual characters.
571,"Written literary work about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on demisexual characters or themes."
572,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on asexual characters or themes.
573,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on demisexual characters or themes.
574,Colloquial or informal language related to LGBTQ+ people or used by LGBTQ+ people.
575,Asexual people who are sons.
576,Sons who identify as LGBTQ+.
577,"Academic field of research and study about Asexual people, Asexual identity, and Asexual communities."
578,"Academic field of research and study about queer people, queer identity, and queer communities."
579,"Asexual people who have experienced and survived bullying due to their sexual identity; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
580,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced and survived bullying due to their gender or sexual identity; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
581,"Asexual people who have experienced and survived hate crimes; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
582,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced and survived hate crimes; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
583,"Asexual people who have experienced and survived rape; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
584,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced and survived rape; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
585,"Asexual people who have experienced and survived sexual abuse; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
586,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced and survived sexual abuse; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
587,"Asexual people who have experienced and survived war; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
588,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced and survived war; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
589,Television shows featuring asexual characters or themes.
590,Television shows featuring LGBTQ+ characters or themes.
591,"Asexual people who have experienced bullying due to their sexual identity and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
592,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced bullying due to their gender or sexual identity and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
593,"Asexual people who have experienced hate crimes and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
594,"Asexual people who have experienced rape and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
595,"Asexual people who have experienced sexual abuse and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
596,"Asexual people who have experienced war and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
597,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced war and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
598,"Asexual people’s legal rights to be informed, present, and heard within the criminal justice system after having been harmed or injured as the result of of a crime, accident, or other event."
599,"LGBTQ+ people’s legal rights to be informed, present, and heard within the criminal justice system after having been harmed or injured as the result of a crime, accident, or other event."
600,LGBTQ+ people who use wheelchairs.
601,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on asexual characters or themes.				"
602,Businesses focusing on asexual clientele and products related to asexual communities.
603,Businesses focusing on LGBTQ+ clientele and products related to LGBTQ+ communities.
604,Businesses owned by asexual people.
605,Businesses owned by LGBTQ+ people.
606,A sexual orientation generally characterized by the lack of sexual attraction to other people unless or until emotional connections have been formed.
607,"Acronym used to describe describe lesbians, gay people, bisexuals, transgender people, queer people, intersex people, and asexual people as a group."
608,"Practice of abstaining or not participating in some or all forms of sexual activity, whether for medical, psychological, social, moral, or religious reasons. Sexual abstinence may be voluntary or involuntary. "
609,Term used to describe the sexual status of people who have never engaged in sexual activity.
610,Term used by the Maale people in Ethiopia for people assigned male at birth who exhibit feminine characteristics; there is some question over the legitimacy of term.
611,LGBTQ+ people of Asian heritage or descent born in the United States or born in Asian countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Asian American.
612,Bisexual people of Asian heritage or descent born in the United States or born in Asian countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Asian American.
613,Bisexual people who are not white and who identity as people of color.
614,"Bisexual people of Asian heritage or descent, living in Asia or part of the Asian diaspora. Only use for people who self-identify as Asian."
615,Gay men of Asian heritage or descent born in the United States or born in Asian countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Asian American.
616,"Gay men of Asian heritage or descent, living in Asia or part of the Asian diaspora. Only use for people who self-identify as Asian."
617,Intersex people of Asian heritage or descent born in the United States or born in Asian countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Asian American.
618,Intersex people who are not white and who identify as people of color.
619,"Intersex individuals of Asian heritage or descent, living in Asia or part of the Asian diaspora. Only use for people who self-identify as Asian."
620,Lesbians of Asian heritage or descent born in the United States or born in Asian countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Asian American.
621,"Lesbians of Asian heritage or descent, living in Asia or part of the Asian diaspora. Only use for people who self-identify as Asian."
622,"LGBTQ+ people of Asian heritage or descent, living in Asia or part of the Asian diaspora. Only use for people who self-identify as Asian."
623,Queer people of Asian heritage or descent born in the United States or born in Asian countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Asian American.
624,Transgender people of Asian heritage or descent born in the United States or born in Asian countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Asian American.
625,"Queer people of Asian heritage or descent, living in Asia or part of the Asian diaspora. Only use for people who self-identify as Asian."
626,"Transgender people of Asian heritage or descent, living in Asia or part of the Asian diaspora. Only use for people who self-identify as Asian."
627,Gay men who are not white and who identity as people of color.
628,Lesbians who are not white and who identify as people of color.
629,Queer people who are not white and who identify as people of color.
630,Transgender people who are not white and who identity as people of color.
631,"Asexual people who are a part of the socio-ethnic Assamese peoples, speak the Assamese language, or reside in the Indian state of Assam."
632,"LGBTQ+ people who are a part of the socio-ethnic Assamese peoples, speak the Assamese language, or reside in the Indian state of Assam. Only use for people who identify as Assamese."
633,"Bisexual people who are a part of the socio-ethnic Assamese peoples, speak the Assamese language, or reside in the Indian state of Assam."
634,"Gay men who are a part of the socio-ethnic Assamese peoples, speak the Assamese language, or reside in the Indian state of Assam."
635,"Intersex people who are a part of the socio-ethnic Assamese peoples, speak the Assamese language, or reside in the Indian state of Assam."
636,"Lesbians who are a part of the socio-ethnic Assamese peoples, speak the Assamese language, or reside in the Indian state of Assam."
637,"Queer people who are a part of the socio-ethnic Assamese peoples, speak the Assamese language, or reside in the Indian state of Assam."
638,"Transgender people who are a part of the socio-ethnic Assamese peoples, speak the Assamese language, or reside in the Indian state of Assam."
639,"The assignment of a female gender marker or a female sex designation shortly after birth.
"
640,"The gender, typically ""girl"" or ""boy,"" ascribed to a child at birth or adolescence based on the child's perceived sex."
641,"The process of determining an individual’s sex relatively shortly after birth, usually documented on official records, such as a birth certificate. Determination is usually based on the appearance of external genitalia but may use other methodologies. In practice, sex assigned at birth is often culturally variable; the term “gender assigned at birth” is often more applicable or accurate."
642,Women whose gender identity matches the sex or gender they were assigned at birth. 
643,Men who were assigned female at birth.
644,"A socially constructed system that gives meaning to masculinity and femininity and that unevenly distributes power and opportunity according to cultural interpretations of sex. As an element of personal identity, a gender is developed through the interaction of social roles and expectations, one’s response to those expectations, one’s physiology, and one’s internal sense of self. Gender is culturally specific, meaning that different cultures have different understandings of what gender means and how many genders should be recognized."
645,"The assignment of a male gender marker or a male sex designation shortly after birth.
"
646,"The legal gender marker recorded in birth-related certifications and registries. Often but not always used synonymously with “sex assigned at birth."" Also used in reference to the gendered roles and expectations associated with said gender marker."
647,"An individual's sex as determined by a medical practitioner or provider. Determination is usually based on the appearance of external genitalia but may use other methodologies. In practice, sex assigned at birth is often culturally variable; the term ""assigned gender"" is often more applicable or accurate.
"
648,"Formal changes to an individual's birth certificate, typically to reflect a change to the individual's legal name or gender or sex marker."
649,"Structures found in the nucleus of most living cells that carry genetic information in the form of genes. Often used in reference to sex chromosomes, a type of chromosome involved in sex determination."
650,Term used to describe the experience of a trans person who is not openly trans and is choosing to pass as cisgender.
651,The process of changing one's gender presentation to affirm one's internal sense of gender; can include social or medical transition.
652,Men whose gender identity matches the sex or gender they were assigned at birth.
653,Women who were assigned male at birth.
654,"The category assigned to an individual to describe their body and its role in sexual reproduction, usually based on external anatomy, but also including chromosomes, gene expression, hormones, and internal and external reproductive/sexual organs. Although sex is often described as binary, it exists as a spectrum with significant variation in the biological attributes that comprise sex and the way it is defined in different cultural contexts."
655,"The state of individuals born with the sexual anatomy, reproductive system, and chromosomes associated with their assigned sex (i.e., not intersex)."
656,"Individuals born with the sexual anatomy, reproductive system, and chromosomes associated with their assigned sex (i.e., people who are not intersex)."
657,"The assignment of an ""X"" gender marker or ""X"" sex designation shortly after birth. It is uncommon for intersex people to be assigned intersex or X at birth.
"
658,Gender markers that indicate a person is NOT cisgender. X gender markers may be assigned to or adopted by intersex people or transgender people.
659,"An umbrella term used to describe all methods of conception beyond sexual intercourse, including but not limited to donor insemination, artificial insemination, surrogacy, egg donation, and IVF."
660,The practice of using collected sperm to induce one's own pregnancy outside of a clinical environment.
661,A method or agreement whereby a person consents to carry a pregnancy for another person or people who will become the child's parent(s) after birth.
662,The process by which donated sperm is placed inside a person with a uterus to induce pregnancy.
663,The process by which a person donates their eggs for reproduction.
664,The process by which a person donates their sperm for reproduction.
665,Medical practice of achieving fertilization by combining sperm and eggs in laboratory settings to induce pregnancy.
666,"Striking the buttocks, usually with the hand or paddle, as a form of impact play."
667,"Attitudes and assessments of feelings, relationships, and interactions between LGBTQ+ people and police."
668,Intentional restriction of one's own oxygen for the purposes of sexual arousal.
669,
670,Practice of sexually stimulating oneself.
671,Sexual stimulation of one's own genitals for sexual pleasure.
672,Behavior modification therapy intended to displace pleasant associations evoked by homosexuality with unpleasant ones (in the form of electric shocks or nausea-inducing drugs) in order to shift the subject's homosexual orientation to a heterosexual one.
673,Therapeutic techniques and treatments derived from cognitive psychology that are designed to identify and potentially change behaviors perceived as self-destructive or unhealthy. Includes behavioral therapy intended to alter an individual's sexual or gender identity or expression.
674,"Efforts to try to change an individual’s sexual identity to meet heterosexual norms. The processes involved in sexual reorientation include visualization training, spiritual interventions, and other aversion treatments. "
675,Asexual people who speak the Awadhi dialect and reside in or are descended from those who resided in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh.
676,LGBTQ+ people who speak the Awadhi dialect and reside in or are descended from those who resided in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh.
677,Bisexual people who speak the Awadhi dialect and reside in or are descended from those who resided in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh.
678,Gay men who speak the Awadhi dialect and reside in or are descended from those who resided in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh.
679,Intersex people who speak the Awadhi dialect and reside in or are descended from those who resided in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh.
680,Lesbians who speak the Awadhi dialect and reside in or are descended from those who resided in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh.
681,Queer people who speak the Awadhi dialect and reside in or are descended from those who resided in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh.
682,Transgender people who speak the Awadhi dialect and reside in or are descended from those who resided in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh.
683,Israeli term referring to a woman with masculine development who is usually infertile.
684,Newly out lesbians; only use for lesbians who self-identify as dykes.
685,"A newly out person, particularly a newly out gay man."
686,Process of accepting and sharing one’s sexual or gender identity with oneself and/or others.
687,The act of disclosing a person's sexual or gender identity without that person's consent.
688,"Men who self-identify as gay and belong to gay communities. Predominately used to describe men who are exclusively or primarily romantically and/or sexually attracted to other men. While ""gay"" is often used as an identifier by people of all genders, this term specifically refers to gay men."
689,Derogatory Filipino term referring to gay men who crossdress.
690,Derogatory Cebuano term used in the Philippines to describe effeminate gay men or masculine women.
691,A subculture that emerged in early 20th century New York City in which primarily African-American and Latin American LGBTQ+ people perform and compete for various prizes.
692,"Groups of people belonging to cultures that differentiate them from the larger culture to which they belong. Subcultures develop their own norms and values regarding cultural, political, and sexual matters."
693,"In ball culture, ballroom families (or houses) are chosen families headed by and named after established community members (e.g., the House of Xtravaganza); heads of ballroom families are typically called ""mothers"" or ""fathers,"" while members are termed ""children"" and ""siblings."""
694,"Events that are part of the drag ball subculture that emerged in early 20th-century New York City among primarily African-American and Latin American LGBTQ+ people. During a drag ball, individuals ""walk"" or perform for prizes."
695,Groups of people (typically drag performers) with a shared interest in drag performances and culture.
696,"Slang term used in drag and ballroom communities to describe the act of playfully or wittily insulting someone's appearance or behavior; described by drag queen Dorian Corey as ""the art form of the insult."" "
697,How an individual understands their identity in relation to their romantic or sexual attraction to other people.
698,A highly stylized form of dance originating in the Harlem ballroom scene in the 1980s and 1990s.
699,"Silicone, rubber, or other types of balls that are strapped in a person’s mouth to prevent them from speaking, typically during sex."
700,"Groups of LGBTQ+ people who have intentionally chosen to nurture, support, and love one another as family, whether or not they have biological or legal relationships."
701,"Groups of drag performers who share a community and typically live in close quarters with one another. Drag families are headed by drag mothers or drag fathers, with other members termed drag daughters and sons. Members of a drag family typically use the same last name as their drag mother or father (e.g., Xtravaganza) in social contexts or while performing."
702,"Fanfiction that focuses on, incorporates, or details the romantic or sexual relationships between same-gender or same-sex musicians who exist in the real world, usually men."
703,LGBTQ+ people who create and/or perform music.
704,"Historical terms for LGBTQ+ people, identities, and practices that are now considered outdated and/or offensive."
705,"Gay men of Mexican descent born in the United States; only use to describe people who self-identify as Chicano, Chicana, or Chicanx. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Hispanic people."
706,"Subculture of gay men who display characteristics associated with machismo (e.g., masculine pride, self-reliance, physical strength). Though ""macho men"" can be used more broadly, this term refers to gay men who embrace machismo and traditional masculinity through their dress and behavior."
707,"Men who engage in sexual activity with other men, whether or not they identify as gay or bisexual."
708,Filipino term for gay men who assume the clothes and/or mannerisms of women.
709,"A genre of Japanese art created primarily by gay men for other gay men that emphasizes masculinity, muscles, body fat, and hair (similar to Bears and Gym subculture in the United States)."
710,Slang used in the U.S. and other English speaking countries to describe hairy and large or muscular gay men.
711,"Gay subculture popularized in the 1970s via homoerotic bodybuilder magazines. Often includes aesthetics modeled after ancient Greek gymnasiums. Especially popular in San Francisco, West Hollywood, and New York City."
712,The participation and inclusion of gay men in fan communities.
713,Behaviors that may put someone at increased risk of contracting HIV or STIs.
714,Sexual acts involving the physical restraint of a partner.
715,"An abbreviation for sadomasochism, a term that describes a power dynamic involving the consensual infliction and reception of pain, often to increase sexual arousal."
716,
717,"Groups of people who share a preference for erotic and sexual activities involving bondage, domination, submission, sadism, and/or masochism. "
718,"Pieces of cloth or similar material used to cover an individual's eyes and impair their vision, often for sexual stimulation."
719,Slang term for individuals who act as the receiving partner in sexual encounters.
720,A color-coded system to indicate preferred sexual fetishes and identify whether a person is a top/dominant or bottom/submissive.
721,"LGBTQ+ people, typically men, who are part of the BDSM scene and assume the master role in sexual relationships with a master/slave dynamic."
722,LGBTQ+ women who are part of the BDSM scene and assume the mistress role in sexual relationships with a mistress/slave dynamic.
723,People involved in BDSM culture who consensually assume a submissive and obedient role in sexual encounters or for role play.
724,"Slang term for individuals who alternate between being the giving partner and the receiving partner in sexual encounters; typically used as a noun (e.g., ""They're a switch"")."
725,Slang term for individuals who act as the giving partner in sexual encounters.
726,"Sticks, cords, or straps, usually with stiff handles, that are used for striking individuals. Often used in BDSM circles to enhance sexual arousal."
727,Women who take a dominant role in BDSM activities; use for dominatrices who identify as LGBTQ+.
728,Social movement focused on increasing awareness and acceptance of the sadomasochism scene.
729,"Individuals who pose as the date or partner of someone they are not in a relationship with, typically to prevent that person's sexuality from becoming public knowledge; most commonly used to refer to a woman pretending to be dating a gay man."
730,"Use to describe cultural experiences shared by members of gay communities or products of gay culture (e.g., art and media created by and for gay men, activism focused on gay issues, slang commonly used in gay communities, etc.)."
731,LGBTQ+ people who do not identify as such to others.
732,Slang for heterosexual men who are friends with lesbians and socialize in lesbian spaces.
733,Slang for heterosexual women who are friends with gay men and socialize in gay spaces.
734,US slang term for heterosexual women who are friends with gay men in the bear community and socialize in bear spaces.
735,"The state of being intentionally withheld, concealed, or kept secret; use in reference to LGBTQ+ individuals who conceal their (or others’) identities, whether out of preference or for safety reasons."
736,"Slang commonly used in gay communities in the United States to describe younger, heavy-set gay men, usually with hairy bodies and facial hair."
737,Slang term used in gay communities (primarily in the United States) to describe larger or heavy-set gay men.
738,U.S. slang term term for gay men who blend the physical and social traits of bears and twinks.
739,"U.S. slang term for heavy-set, masculine gay men who are often characterized as having hairy bodies and facial hair; typically used for individuals who are more aggressive and overtly masculine than bears."
740,"Individuals who take on the pup or puppy role in puppy play, a form of animal roleplay that is often but not always associated with BDSM and kink communities."
741,"Treatments addressing impairments, illnesses, diseases, or disorders through counseling and rehabilitation."
742,Asexual people who speak the Bengali language and are of Bengali descent. Co-reference with Bangladeshi asexual people when an individual is of both Bengali ethnicity and Bangladeshi nationality.
743,LGBTQ+ people who speak the Bengali language or are of Bengali descent. Co-reference with Bangladeshi LGBTQ+ people when an individual is of both Bengali ethnicity and Bangladeshi nationality.
744,Bisexual people who speak the Bengali language and are of Bengali descent. Co-reference with Bangladeshi bisexual people when an individual is of both Bengali ethnicity and Bangladeshi nationality.
745,Gay men who speak the Bengali language or are of Bengali descent. Co-reference with Bangladeshi gay men when an individual is of both Bengali ethnicity and Bangladeshi nationality.
746,Intersex people who speak the Bengali language and are of Bengali descent. Co-reference with Bangladeshi intersex people when an individual is of both Bengali ethnicity and Bangladeshi nationality.
747,Lesbians who speak the Bengali language or are of Bengali descent. Co-reference with Bangladeshi lesbians when an individual is of both Bengali ethnicity and Bangladeshi nationality.
748,Queer people who speak the Bengali language and are of Bengali descent. Co-reference with Bangladeshi queer people when an individual is of both Bengali ethnicity and Bangladeshi nationality.
749,Transgender people who speak the Bengali language and are of Bengali descent. Co-reference with Bangladeshi transgender people when an individual is of both Bengali ethnicity and Bangladeshi nationality.
750,An offensive term developed by settler anthropologists to broadly describe Indigenous people expressing mixed gender roles; only use in historical contexts.
751,"LGBTQ+ people who are Native American, or part of the Indigenous peoples of North America; only use for people who self identify as both Native American and LGBTQ+."
752,Asexual people who speak the Bhil language and belong to or are descended from the Bhil tribal group.
753,LGBTQ+ people who speak the Bhil language and belong to or are descended from the Bhil tribal group.
754,Bisexual people who speak the Bhil language and belong to or are descended from the Bhil tribal group.
755,LGBTQ+ people who speak the Bhojpuri language and live in or are descended from those who inhabited the Bhojpuri-Purvanchal region of India and Nepal.
756,Gay men who speak the Bhil language and belong to or are descended from the Bhil tribal group.
757,Intersex people who speak the Bhil language and belong to or are descended from the Bhil tribal group.
758,Lesbians who speak the Bhil language and belong to or are descended from the Bhil tribal group.
759,Queer people who speak the Bhil language and belong to or are descended from the Bhil tribal group.
760,Transgender people who speak the Bhil language and belong to or are descended from the Bhil tribal group.
761,Asexual people who speak the Bhojpuri language and live in or are descended from those who inhabited the Bhojpuri-Purvanchal region of India and Nepal.
762,Bisexual people who speak the Bhojpuri language and live in or are descended from those who inhabited the Bhojpuri-Purvanchal region of India and Nepal.
763,Gay men who speak the Bhojpuri language and live in or are descended from those who inhabited the Bhojpuri-Purvanchal region of India and Nepal.
764,Intersex people who speak the Bhojpuri language and live in or are descended from those who inhabited the Bhojpuri-Purvanchal region of India and Nepal.
765,Lesbians who speak the Bhojpuri language and live in or are descended from those who inhabited the Bhojpuri-Purvanchal region of India and Nepal.
766,Queer people who speak the Bhojpuri language and live in or are descended from those who inhabited the Bhojpuri-Purvanchal region of India and Nepal.
767,Transgender people who speak the Bhojpuri language and live in or are descended from those who inhabited the Bhojpuri-Purvanchal region of India and Nepal.
768,"Individuals who are not exclusively sexually and/or romantically attracted to individuals of a single biological sex (includes bisexual, queer, pansexual, and fluid identities)."
769,Individuals who experience sexual attraction to more than one gender; includes bisexual and pansexual people.
770,"Individuals who identify with non-normative gender and/or sexual identities, typically people who are not heterosexual and/or are not cisgender. Only use for people who identify as queer."
771,Term used to describe the identities of people who have two genders.
772,"People who identify as any two genders, either simultaneously or more fluidly."
773,A gender identity in which an individual's gender varies over time and across circumstances; some genderfluid people may identify as a mixture of more than one gender simultaneously.
774,"People who identify as different genders at different times, including multiple genders at once or none at all. Only use to describe people who self-identify as genderfluid."
775,Tagalog term for individuals who possess both male and female traits.
776,"The act of flattening or concealing the chest area with a tight fitting shirt, strap, or similar material; often practiced by transgender men and transmasculine people."
777,"One of the two soft, protruding organs on an individual's chest."
778,FtM (female-to-male) is a mostly historical term which has been largely replaced by “trans men.” This is due in part to the term's role in the medicalization of transgender people and the assumption that trans men were previously “female” and have become “male” (typically through hormones and/or surgery).
779,Devices designed to allow individuals to pee while standing up; often used by trans men or transmasculine people to pee in public urinals without risking their safety.
780,Colloquial term for gender-affirming surgical alterations of the chest.
781,"The experience of being a biological parent to a child. This relationship can be genetic, gestational, or both."
782,"Biological or genetic parents who are LGBTQ+ people. For adoption contexts, use LGBTQ+ birth parents."
783,The experience of parenthood as felt by parents who passed on genetic material to their child or children.
784,The experience of parenthood as felt by a person whose uterus was utilized to nurture and develop an embryo into a baby.
785,"The experience of acting as a father, including the responsibilities involved in fathering and raising children."
786,"The state, condition, or fact of being a mother."
787,People who are biologically related to one another through a shared donor.
788,Siblings who are biologically related through one but not all of their parents.
789,"The phenomenon in which bisexual people internalize or adopt biphobic beliefs (i.e., negative perceptions of and intolerance toward bisexual people and bisexuality) as a result of being raised or socialized within a biphobic environment or culture."
790,"Discrimination, prejudice, or bias against non-heterosexual people based on the assumption or belief that heterosexuality is the only normal or natural expression of sexual identity."
791,"Acronym primarily used in the United States to describe Black, Indigenous, and people of color as a group, while also centering the specific experiences of Black and Indigenous people."
792,"Acronym used to refer to queer and trans people of color as a group. Typically used to acknowledge the particularities of queer and trans people of color's experiences and the intersections of queerphobia, transphobia, and racism as directed towards queer and trans people of color."
793,LGBTQ+ people who belong to two or more racial groups.
794,Asexual people who belong to two or more racial groups.
795,Bisexual people who belong to two or more racial groups.
796,Gay men who belong to two or more racial groups.
797,Lesbians who belong to two or more racial groups.
798,Queer people who belong to two or more racial groups.
799,Transgender people who belong to two or more racial groups.
800,Bisexual people who belong to two or more racial groups.
801,Gay men who belong to two or more racial groups.
802,Lesbians who belong to two or more racial groups.
803,LGBTQ+ people who belong to more than one racial group.
804,Queer people who belong to two or more racial groups.
805,Transgender people who belong to two or more racial groups.
806,LGBTQ+ people who identify as both Pacific Islanders (or of Pacific Islander ancestry) and American.
807,"Legal documents issued to record an individual’s birth, typically including identifying information such as the individual's name, assigned gender or sex, date and location of birth, and parentage."
808,"Legal regulations and laws addressing changes to LGBTQ people’s legal names or gender markers, as well as LGBTQ people’s family relationships, including cohabitation, marriage, adoption, parent-child relationships, divorce, and child custody."
809,"Legal documents issued by a government or institution to individuals that include identifying information and, typically, grant certain legal or governmental rights and responsibilities (e.g., driver's license, birth certificate, passport)."
810,"Markers used to designate an individual's gender on official documentation, including passports, birth certificates, driver’s licenses, etc. Different jurisdictions vary significantly in the number and types of gender markers they allow on official documentation."
811,The process by which an individual adopts a new name on legal or government-issued documents.
812,"Proclamations by a judge or panel of judges requiring or authorizing specific actions (e.g., court orders approving or denying requests for name or gender marker changes)."
813,Use in reference to laws and regulations concerning the name assigned to an individual at birth.
814,"Official documents from medical practitioners (e.g., doctors, nurses, therapists) diagnosing a patient's gender dysphoria and, typically, recommending gender-affirming healthcare; sometimes required for an individual's gender-affirming healthcare to be covered under insurance or for an individual to legally change their name or gender marker."
815,Official documents issued by governments that ascribe unique numeral identifiers to citizens to track their income and determine retirement benefits. 
816,"In an adoption context, biological or genetic parents who are LGBTQ+ people."
817,"Umbrella term used to describe the processes by which LGBTQ+ people conceive children, including an LGBTQ+ person, their partner, or a third party becoming pregnant with a child that will be raised by an LGBTQ+ person, as well as LGBTQ+ people conceiving children that will be raised by other parents."
818,Direct action and organizing to achieve political or social change and acceptance for bisexuality.
819,"Institutions providing education, support, and information about bisexuality and bisexual communities to bisexual people."
820,Umbrella term for activism focused on the rights of bisexual people and issues faced by bisexual communities.
821,Bisexual individuals working to bring about political or social change through public organizing.
822,"Legal, social, or ethical principles of freedom or entitlement held by bisexual people."
823,Collections of records and materials relating to bisexual people or bisexual communities; can include a variety of organizations and institutions from community to government archives.
824,"Term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by bisexual artists or about bisexual topics and communities. 
"
825,"Erotic art, created by bisexual artists, depicting bisexual people, or that are regarded as important within bisexual culture."
826,Artists who are known to be bisexual.
827,Bisexual people who are atheists.
828,LGBTQ+ people who do not believe in the existence of God or gods.
829,Professional or amateur/recreational sports players who are bisexual.
830,Professional or amateur sports players who self-identify as LGBTQ+.
831,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by bisexual authors.
832,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on bisexual characters or themes.
833,"Literary work, typically written in verse, that focuses on bisexual characters, themes, or identity."
834,Creators of written works who are known to be demisexual.
835,Creators of written works who are known to be megasexual.				
836,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				
837,Bisexual people who are autistic.
838,Written accounts of the lives of people known to be bisexual.
839,Drinking establishments that primary cater to bisexual people.
840,Establishments that serve alcohol and are patronized primarily by LGBTQ+ people.
841,Beaches set aside for use by bisexual people or beaches known to be frequented by bisexual people.
842,Beaches set aside for use by LGBTQ+ people or beaches known to be frequented by LGBTQ+ people.
843,Bisexual people with significant or total loss of vision.
844,Bisexual people who are disabled.
845,Bookshops that sell materials intended for use by bisexual people or addressing topics related to bisexuality.
846,Boys (typically children younger than 18) who are bisexual.
847,Bisexual people who have not yet reached the age of adolescence.
848,"Children or youth, typically younger than 18 years old, who identify as boys."
849,Bisexual people who are Buddhist.
850,LGBTQ+ people who are Buddhist.
851,Television shows featuring bisexual characters or themes.
852,Employment of bisexual people.
853,Girls (typically children younger than 18) who are bisexual.
854,"Term used to describe the sexual identity of individuals who are romantically and/or sexually attracted to people of more than one gender and who prefer the term bisexual over alternatives such as pansexual, polysexual, etc."
855,Bisexual people who are Christian.
856,LGBTQ+ people who are Christian. Use a more specific term if possible.
857,"Bisexual people who are ordained for religious duties, particularly in the Christian Church."
858,"LGBTQ+ people who are ordained for religious duties, particularly in the Christian Church."
859,"Gay men who are ordained for religious duties, particularly in the Christian Church."
860,"Lesbians who are ordained for religious duties, particularly in the Christian Church."
861,"Queer people who are ordained for religious duties, particularly in the Christian Church."
862,"Transgender people who are ordained for religious duties, particularly in the Christian Church."
863,"Bisexual people who seek to entertain an audience by making them laugh, through jokes, slapstick, employing prop comedy, or other amusing means."
864,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on bisexual characters or themes.
865,"Acronym used to describe lesbians, gay people, and bisexuals as a group. This acronym has often been used to exclude transgender people."
866,"Acronym used to describe lesbians, gay men, bisexual people, and transgender people as a group."
867,"Acronym used to describe lesbians, gay men, bisexual people, transgender people, and intersex people as a group."
868,"Acronym used to describe lesbians, gay men, bisexual people, transgender people, and queer people as a group."
869,"Spaces in which people from bisexual communities meet for social, education, recreational, or organizing activities."
870,Partnerships in which both people are bisexual.
871,"Ongoing connections (romantic, sexual, or platonic) between two or more bisexual people."
872,"Use to describe cultural experiences shared by members of bisexual communities or products of bisexual culture (e.g., art and media created by and for bisexual people, activism focused on bisexual issues, slang commonly used in bisexual communities, etc.)."
873,"Use to describe cultural experiences shared by members of lesbian communities or products of lesbian culture (e.g., art and media created by and for lesbians, activism focused on lesbian issues, slang commonly used in lesbian communities, etc.)."
874,"Cultural experiences shared by members of queer communities or products of queer culture (e.g., art and media created by and for queer people, activism focused on queer issues, slang commonly used in queer communities, etc.)."
875,"Cultural experiences shared by members of transgender communities or products of transgender culture (e.g., art and media created by and for transgender people, activism focused on transgender issues, slang commonly used in transgender communities, etc.)."
876,Daughters who identify as bisexual.
877,Bisexual people with significant or total hearing loss. Some but not all Deaf people prefer to capitalize Deaf in recognition of the cultural and linguistic identity they share with other Deaf people.
878,Bisexual people with significant or total hearing loss who may or may not consider themselves d/Deaf.
879,The community of Deaf LGBTQ+ people who share a cultural and/or linguistic identity.
880,Bisexual people who have long-term health conditions that require continued medical attention and/or significantly impact or limit daily life; some but not all people with chronic illnesses consider themselves disabled.
881,Women who take a dominant role in BDSM activities; use for dominatrices who identify as bisexual.
882,Women who take a dominant role in BDSM activities; use for dominatrices who identify as lesbians.
883,Women who take a dominant role in BDSM activities; use for dominatrices who identify as queer.
884,Women who take a dominant role in BDSM activities; use for dominatrices who identify as transgender.
885,"Works in the performance arts that focus on bisexual characters, communities, or issues."
886,Employment of gay men.
887,Employment of lesbians.
888,Employment of queer people.
889,Employment of transgender people.
890,"Erotic films or movies, created by bisexual directors, depicting bisexual people, or that are regarded as important within bisexual culture."
891,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring bisexual people.
892,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on bisexual characters or themes.
893,"Families, whether biological, adoptive, or chosen, in which one or more individuals identify as bisexual."
894,Parents who are bisexual.
895,Children who have one or more bisexual parent.
896,Written works that include magical or fantastical elements; use in reference to fantasy fiction focusing on bisexual characters or themes.
897,Bisexual people who are fathers.
898,"Motion pictures, or movies, created by bisexual directors, depicting bisexual people, or that are regarded as important within bisexual culture."
899,"Children or youth, typically younger than 18 years old, who identify as girls."
900,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning bisexual people, or people who might be perceived as bisexual if they were alive today."
901,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on bisexual characters or themes."
902,Libraries that hold materials primarily pertaining to bisexual people or intended for use by bisexual people.
903,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on demisexual characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of demisexual studies.				"
904,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on greyromantic characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of greyromantic studies.				"
905,Bisexual people (typically men) who are part of the BDSM scene and assume the master role in sexual relationships with a master/slave dynamic.
906,Gay men who are part of the BDSM scene and assume the master role in sexual relationships with a master/slave dynamic.
907,Queer people (typically men) who are part of the BDSM scene and assume the master role in sexual relationships with a master/slave dynamic.
908,Transgender people (typically men) who are part of the BDSM scene and assume the master role in sexual relationships with a master/slave dynamic.
909,Men who identify as bisexual.
910,"Adults who self-identify as men and understand their gender in terms of Western conceptions of manliness, maleness, and/or masculinity. The term has typically been defined as adult male humans, though not all men identify with the term ""male"" depending on the context in which it is used."
911,Men who identify as queer.
912,Bisexual women who are part of the BDSM scene and assume the mistress role in sexual relationships with a mistress/slave dynamic.
913,Lesbians who are part of the BDSM scene and assume the mistress role in sexual relationships with a mistress/slave dynamic.
914,Queer women who are part of the BDSM scene and assume the mistress role in sexual relationships with a mistress/slave dynamic.
915,Transgender women who are part of the BDSM scene and assume the mistress role in sexual relationships with a mistress/slave dynamic.
916,Bisexual people who are mothers.
917,"Newspapers, magazines, or other publishing outlets aimed at bisexual audiences and/or operated by bisexual people."
918,"Institutions dedicated to the storage, exhibition, conservation, and preservation of materials relating to bisexuality, bisexual people, or bisexual history."
919,"Institutions dedicated to the storage, exhibition, conservation, and preservation of materials relating to LGBTQ+ people, LGBTQ+ communities, and LGBTQ+ history."
920,Bisexual people who are Muslim.
921,LBTQ+ people who are Muslim.
922,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on bisexual characters or themes.
923,"Bisexual people whose brains process, learn, and/or behave differently from what is considered typical by society. Some of these neurological differences can present as learning disabilities, medical disorders, and other conditions."
924,"Serialized print or digital periodicals created by or for bisexual people, often with the purpose of sharing news and information related to bisexual communities and bisexual issues."
925,"Serialized print or digital publications about bisexuality or bisexual issues (and typically produced by bisexual people or organizations) that contain news, articles, columns, correspondence, and advertisements."
926,"Operas created by bisexual directors, depicting bisexual individuals, or that are regarded as important within bisexual culture."
927,"Bisexual people who are members of polytheistic religions or other religions outside of the dominant culture that typically incorporate nature worship and/or the sacred feminine, such as Wicca, Druidry, Heathenry, etc. Use to describe bisexual people who self-identify as Pagan."
928,"LGBTQ+ people who are members of polytheistic religions or other religions outside of the dominant culture that typically incorporate nature worship and/or the sacred feminine, such as Wicca, Druidry, Heathenry, etc. Use to describe LGBTQ+ people who self-identify as Pagan."
929,Bisexual practitioners of Wicca or other Pagan religions who self-identify as witches.
930,"Bisexual people who are the romantic, sexual, or play partners of another person or people."
931,"Bisexual individuals who self-identity as women and understand their gender in terms of Western conceptions of womanness, femaleness, and/or femininity."
932,Bisexual people who do not identify as such to others.
933,"Bisexual people who are advanced in age, typically over 60 years of age."
934,"Sexual identity that is defined as attraction to more than one gender; follow the individual's preference for bisexuality, pansexuality, or polysexuality whenever possible."
935,"People who act as parents to one or more bisexual person. For parents who are themselves bisexual, use the term ""Bisexual parents."""
936,Systematic mistreatment of bisexual people on the basis of their sexual identity.
937,Bisexual individuals serving in state and national armed forces.
938,"The presence of bisexual people in the workplace, including acceptance of and issues faced by bisexual workers."
939,Businesses focusing on bisexual clientele and products related to bisexual communities.
940,Businesses owned by bisexual people.
941,"Latin American people who are bisexual; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Latino, Latina, or Latinx. Do not conflate with Chicano/a/x or Hispanic."
942,Bisexual people who use wheelchairs.
943,"Bisexual people who are candidates for public office, are currently holding public office, or have held political positions. Politicians can be elected by public election or otherwise appointed."
944,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring LGBTQ+ people.
945,"Print or digital publications about LGBTQ+ people and LGBTQ+ issues (typically produced by LGBTQ+ people or LGBTQ+ organizations) that contain articles, photographs, and illustrations, and advertisements."
946,
947,
948,Bisexual people who are members of the Protestant church.
949,LGBTQ+ people who are members of the Protestant Church.
950,Companies and organizations that publish materials for bisexual communities or addressing bisexual issues.
951,Auditory content broadcast on the radio (analog or digital) about bisexuality and bisexual issues.
952,"Ongoing connections (romantic, sexual, or platonic) between two or more gay men."
953,"Ongoing connections (romantic, sexual, or platonic) between two or more lesbians."
954,"Ongoing connections (romantic, sexual, or platonic) between two or more queer people."
955,"Ongoing connections (romantic, sexual, or platonic) between two or more transgender people."
956,Bisexual people who are members of the Roman Catholic Church.
957,LGBTQ+ people who are members of the Roman Catholic Church.
958,Written literary work focusing on romantic relationships and love between people; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on bisexual characters or themes.
959,"Written literary work about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on bisexual characters or themes."
960,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on bisexual characters or themes.
961,Colloquial or informal language related to bisexuality or used by bisexual people.
962,Sons who identify as bisexual.
963,"Academic field of research and study about bisexuality, bisexual individuals, and bisexual communities."
964,"Interdisciplinary academic field devoted to the study and analysis of gender in a given culture, as well as representations of gender in media and popular culture."
965,"Academic field of research and study about gay men, gay identity, and gay communities."
966,Academic field of research and study about lesbian identity and lesbian communities.
967,"Academic field of research and study about transgender people, transgender identity, and transgender communities."
968,"Bisexual people who have experienced and survived bullying due to their sexual identity; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
969,"Bisexual people who have experienced and survived hate crimes; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
970,"Bisexual people who have experienced hate crimes and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
971,"Bisexual people who have experienced and survived rape; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
972,"Bisexual people who have experienced rape and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
973,"Bisexual people who have experienced and survived sexual abuse; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
974,"Bisexual people who have experienced sexual abuse and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
975,"Bisexual people who have experienced and survived war; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
976,"Bisexual people who have experienced war and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
977,"Bisexual people who have experienced bullying due to their sexual identity and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
978,"Bisexual people's legal rights to be informed, present, and heard within the criminal justice system after having been harmed or injured as the result of of a crime, accident, or other event."
979,LGBTQ+ practitioners of Wicca or other Pagan religions who self-identify as witches.
980,"A spiritual movement that emerged in North America, Western Europe, Australia, and New Zealand in 1970s in response to male-dominated organized religion; involves worshiping the Goddess (or several goddesses), as well as a focus on women, femininity, and feminism; often associated with lesbian communities."
981,Surinamese-Creole women who have sexual relations with other women but also have had or do have relationships with men.
982,Women who engage in sexual activity with other women.
983,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on bisexual characters or themes."
984,Businesses focusing on gay clientele and products related to gay communities.
985,Businesses focusing on lesbian clientele and products related to lesbian communities.
986,Businesses focusing on queer clientele and products related to queer communities.
987,Businesses focusing on transgender clientele and products related to transgender communities.
988,Businesses owned by gay people.
989,Businesses owned by lesbians.
990,Businesses owned by queer people.
991,Businesses owned by transgender people.
992,Term used to describe the sexual identity of individuals who experience attraction to more than one gender; includes bisexuality and pansexuality.
993,Sexual orientation with sexual and/or romantic attraction to individuals of the same sex.
994,"Sexual orientation of women and femmes who are sexually and/or romantically attracted to other women and femmes. However, not all lesbians are women, and gender non-conforming people who belong to lesbian communities have often identified as lesbian."
995,The time period between childhood and adulthood.
996,Term used in yaoi and yaoi fan communities to describe the receiving or submissive partner in a fictional male-male relationship.
997,"Japanese word used by English-speaking anime and manga fans to describe explicit or pornographic works featuring male-male couples that are typically created by heterosexual female authors for heterosexual female readers. Note that the Japanese meaning and usage of ""yaoi"" and related terms differ considerably."
998,"The manga and anime genre of fictional male-male romance created for a primarily female audience; sometimes used interchangeably with ""Yaoi"" in English (but not in Japanese)."
999,Term used in yaoi or yaoi fan communities to describe the giving or dominant parter in a fictional male-male relationship.
1000,Mentally and physically androgynous shamans in Bugis (Indonesia) culture.
1001,"Biting, or applying pressure with one's teeth, for the purposes of sexual arousal."
1002,"Sexual practices or fetishes centering around the ""vampire lifestyle""; can be a subset of BDSM communities and include roleplay, the consumption of blood, etc. "
1003,"Among the Zapotec in Teotitlán del Valle, Mexico, this term refers to people assigned male at birth who exhibit feminine characteristics."
1004,A form of feminism that developed in response to the failures of mainstream feminist and civil rights efforts to acknowledge the ways white supremacy and the patriarchy interact to inform the particular experiences of Black women.
1005,"A theoretical framework first conceptualized by Kimberlé Crenshaw to describe how different facets of social identity (such as gender, race, ethnicity, disability, socioeconomic class, religion, and sexual identity) overlap and intersect, often compounding the individual's experiences with inequality and discrimination."
1006,"A social theory based on the history and everyday experiences of Black women. Womanism grew out of the perceived indifference of the feminist movement towards the needs of Black women, who are often excluded from the categories of ""female"" and ""femininity"" as understood by white feminists. At the core of womanism is the idea that mainstream feminism is a movement led by white women to serve white women's goals, which can be indifferent or even oppositional to the needs of Black women."
1007,Black men who are gay. Use only for individuals who self-identity as Black. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
1008,Black people who are intersex. Use only for individuals who self-identity as Black. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
1009,Black people who are lesbians. Use only for individuals who self-identity as Black. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
1010,Black people who are queer. Use only for individuals who self-identity as Black. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
1011,Black queer people who recognize their queer identity as salient to their Blackness and vice versa; only use to describe individuals who identify as Blaqueer or BlaQ.
1012,"A primarily U.S. American and Canadian decentralized political and social movement advocating for non-violent civil disobedience in protest against incidents of police brutality and all racially motivated violence against Black people. The broader movement and its related organizations typically advocate against police violence towards Black people, as well as for various other policy changes considered to be related to Black liberation."
1013,A part of the Black Lives Matter movement which specifically advocates for Black trans people (especially Black trans women) and fights for racial equity and Black liberation.
1014,"Organized efforts by groups of people to achieve certain political, social, economic, or cultural goals. Social movements are often intended to carry out, resist, or undo social changes."
1015,"People with bladder exstrophy are born with their urinary bladder exposed (through an open abdominal wall) or outside of the body. They may also have an open pelvis (resulting from the pubic bones not joining together), which causes genital differences. People with bladder exstrophy and XY chromosomes often have a shorter-than-typical penis with epispadias (meaning the urethra opens on the top surface of the penis instead of at the tip) and undescended testes. People with XX chromosomes and bladder exstrophy often have a urethra that is placed higher than usual, widely spaced labia (due to the wide spacing of their pubic bones), and a clitoris formed in two halves with a split in the middle."
1016,"Websites or webpages, typically run by individuals or small groups, that are written in an informal or conversational style."
1017,Web-based and mobile technologies used to turn communication into interactive dialogues.
1018,"Websites featuring informal, often personal writing and reflections created by LGBTQ+ people or about LGBTQ+ communities and issues."
1019,"Decoration or alteration of the human body for aesthetic or cultural purposes; includes body paint, tattooing, piercing, and scarification."
1020,Body modifications in which permanent ink is inserted into the skin to form a design.
1021,"Small holes or openings made in parts of the body to insert jewelry or implants, whether for aesthetic purposes, spiritual or religious reasons, or sexual pleasure."
1022,
1023,Slang for young masculine or transmasculine people. The term is commonly used in lesbian communities.
1024,"A masculine person of any gender, though this term is most commonly used in lesbian communities."
1025,"Form of masculinity enacted by people with a female or feminine gender identity, often by performing masculine roles, characteristics, and styles of dress."
1026,Colloquial or informal language related to lesbians or used by lesbians.
1027,Masculine identity associated with Black lesbian communities in the United States.
1028,Trans people assigned female at birth who identify partially or fully with a masculine gender.
1029,Term used to describe individuals whose gender expression is more masculine than androgynous. Generally used as a self-descriptor within LGBTQ+ communities.
1030,Bondage involving the use of rope for sexual stimulation.
1031,"Binding tools, devices, and accessories such as handcuffs, legcuffs, ropes, chains, straps, or straitjackets."
1032,"The act of cleaning and conditioning someone’s leather boots, shoes or garments. "
1033,
1034,The cohabitation of two women (often in a romantic relationship) without the financial support of a man. Originated in New England (USA) in the late 19th century.
1035,Partnerships in which both people are lesbians.
1036,"People who have two or more LGBTQ+ parents or caregivers. Includes individuals born to or adopted by people in a heterosexual relationship who later came out as LGBTQ+, as well as individuals born to or adopted by LGBTQ+ people who came together to create their own families, such as lesbian couples who choose to conceive with friends who are gay men. For use in a Canadian and United States context."
1037,Children who have one or more LGBTQ+ parent.
1038,Colloquial term for gender-affirming surgical alterations of the genitalia and/or reproductive organs.
1039,"Any of various surgeries undertaken to affirm an individual's gender. Most often applied to transgender people, but may also refer to certain procedures undergone by cisgender and intersex people."
1040,"Surgical construction of the clitoris, often undertaken as a form of gender affirming surgery."
1041,Surgical procedure to remove the uterus.
1042,Surgical construction of the labia.
1043,"Surgical procedure in which the urethra is elongated and placed along a neophallus, typically to allow for standing urination."
1044,"Medical procedure to remove one or more testes; often part of gender affirming surgery, though it can be performed for other reasons."
1045,Surgical removal of the penis.
1046,Surgical construction of the penis.
1047,Surgical construction of the scrotum.
1048,Surgical removal of the vagina.
1049,Surgical construction of the vagina.
1050,"Surgical procedure to remove the gonads, including testes and ovaries."
1051,"Non-lifesaving cosmetic procedures intended to change and ""normalize"" natural variations in genital appearance and/or reproductive anatomy. Intersex surgery was first developed in the early 20th century, with doctors making unresearched claims about an ""urgent need"" for these operations."
1052,An erotic identity an individual assumes during sexual play with one or more people; this identity can either be restricted to the bedroom or extended into day-to-day life.
1053,"Slang term for individuals who alternate between being the giving partner and the receiving partner in sexual encounters; typically used as an adjective (e.g., ""They're vers."")."
1054,Boys (typically children younger than 18) who are gay.
1055,Boys (typically children or youth younger than 18) who are heterosexual.
1056,Pejorative term applied to boys or men who are perceived to be effeminate or do not conform to traditional masculine roles.
1057,Boys (typically children or youth younger than 18) who are cisgender.
1058,Connections based on affection and trust between two or more boys.
1059,"Cultural conceptions of gender as two distinct and opposing categories, typically man and woman or masculine and feminine."
1060,Connections based on affection and trust between two or more people.
1061,A concept used to describe the social bonds that exist between members of the same sex or gender in a given culture.
1062,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on gay characters or themes."
1063,Areas of the body that are sensitive to sexual stimulation.
1064,"Features that appear during puberty that are not directly related to reproduction, like changes in the voice and the development of body hair."
1065,
1066,A surgical procedure aimed at increasing breast size using a prosthetic implant; often undergone by transgender women as a gender affirming surgery.
1067,A surgical procedure to decrease breast size. Often undertaken by transgender men as a gender affirming surgery.
1068,"The dimensions of an individual's breast tissue; can be used as an approximation (e.g., large breasts, small breasts) or to reference to standards of measurement for bras and other support garments."
1069,Breasts considered large within a given cultural context. Note that large breasts have various health issues associated with them and may carry stigmatized medical associations (such as terms like gigantomastia and macromastia). These terms have more specific medical meanings but should not be used outside of those specific contexts.
1070,"A surgical procedure aimed at removing the breast or as much breast tissue as possible; often undergone as part of ""top surgery"" for transgender men or nonbinary people."
1071,"Breasts considered small within a given cultural context. In certain situations, medical professionals may refer to such breasts as ""underdeveloped"" or ""hypoplastic."" These terms can be considered offensive and should not be used outside of specific medical contexts. The alternate labels included here are intended to aid search tools only and should not be used in other contexts."
1072,Any of various fetishes regarding a specific part of the body.
1073,
1074,
1075,
1076,Indigenous Australian term for people who transition from female to male.
1077,A peer-to-peer form of healthcare support for LGBTQ+ people in which volunteers (buddies) attend clinical visits with patients to provide emotional and logistical support.
1078,People who have contracted HIV.
1079,"A form of aggressive behavior that can include verbal harassment, physical assault, or coercion. Bullying is typically directed repeatedly towards particular victims, often on the grounds of race, gender, sexuality, or ability."
1080,Bullying or harassment that takes place online.
1081,Covers a wide range of behaviors that are intended to disturb or upset. Harassment is often repetitive or occurs across an extended period of time.
1082,"In the Balkans, people assigned female at birth who take a vow of chastity and live as men."
1083,"The trope in fiction that requires that LGBTQ+ characters die or meet some other type of unhappy ending. The trope is also known as ""dead lesbian syndrome"" due to the tendency for lesbian characters and bisexual female characters to be the targets. Transgender characters have also often been subjected to this trope."
1084,"Romantic, sexual, or play relationships between a masculine-identifying or -presenting person and a feminine-identifying or -presenting person. Though the terms ""butch"" and ""femme"" are most commonly used in lesbian communities, they are also used by other LGBTQ+ people. Only use to describe relationships between individuals who self-identify as butch and femme."
1085,"Feminine people of any gender, though this term is commonly used in lesbian communities."
1086,"Behavior determining one's response to a social situation, as influenced by social norms; internal and external expectations; and social sanctions and rewards."
1087,"Individuals whose gender expression and/or identity is masculine-presenting and who usually do not like to be sexually touched, though they will still provide their partners with sexual pleasure; commonly used in lesbian communities."
1088,"In Māori culture in New Zealand, this term is used to describe people assigned female at birth who pursue traditionally male roles."
1089,A largely reclaimed slur common in the U.S. that may be used to refer to lesbians who embrace a masculine style of presentation or lesbian political activists in general. Only use for individuals who self-identify as dykes.
1090,People who are somewhat or slightly masculine in their appearance; commonly used in lesbian communities.
1091,Girls who exhibit some characteristics associated with gender expectations for boys.
1092,"Colloquial term for the buttocks, or the fleshy protuberances at the back of the hips on which people sit."
1093,"Phallic-shaped implements used for sexual stimulation, typically through penetration of the anus or vagina."
1094,"In Bugis culture, this term refers to people assigned male at birth who assume female roles."
1095,"In Bugis culture, this term refers to people assigned female at birth who assume male roles."
1096,An aesthetic style and sensibility that values irony and bad taste.
1097,"A performance genre involving dressing and/or using makeup to produce, emphasize, and/or exaggerate traits associated with a certain gender, which typically (but not always) is not the gender the performer primarily identifies with."
1098,"Removal of the testes or use of the testes, typically through surgical or chemical means. Includes castration voluntarily undertaken as a gender-affirming surgical procedure or as part of a religious rite. For involuntary castration enacted by legal authorities or as a hate crime, use the term ""Forced castration."""
1099,"Individuals assigned male at birth who have been castrated. Historically, eunuchs served in royal courts as slaves or servants; in some cases, individuals were castrated before puberty to retain childlike vocal qualities."
1100,"Social gatherings or events, typically held in private residences or at sex clubs, in which participants engage in or observe group sexual activities."
1101,"Sexual activities involving multiple people, usually understood to be more than three people."
1102,"Suppression of speech, public communication, images, ideas, or other information by institutions, authorities, or other controlling bodies, typically because the material has been deemed objectionable, harmful, or sensitive. "
1103,"Suppression or prohibition of the discussion, education, or circulation of information related to LGBTQ+ people and identities in media, schools, and/or in the general public. "
1104,Derogatory term for a third gender person in Karnataka culture in India.
1105,Asexual people who belong to or are descended from the Chakma tribal group.
1106,LGBTQ+ people who belong to or are descended from the Chakma tribal group.
1107,Bisexual people who belong to or are descended from the Chakma tribal group.
1108,Gay men who belong to or are descended from the Chakma tribal group.
1109,Intersex people who belong to or are descended from the Chakma tribal group.
1110,Lesbians who belong to or are descended from the Chakma tribal group.
1111,Queer people who belong to or are descended from the Chakma tribal group.
1112,Transgender people who belong to or are descended from the Chakma tribal group.
1113,Rooms or areas in public or commercial spaces where people can change their clothes with varying degrees of privacy.  
1114,Individuals who express fetishistic interest in and pursue sexual encounters with others based solely on their affiliation with a (typically marginalized) group that the chaser does not belong to. Often coupled with other terms to identify the type of chaser.
1115,"Dedicated websites or online applications used to exchange messages and images with other people, typically in real time."
1116,"Online websites or applications for virtual, instant communication; use in reference to chatrooms focusing on LGBTQ+ communities or issues, as well as chatrooms with primarily LGBTQ+ members."
1117,"Sexual activities that include the use of drugs, typically to trigger sexual arousal, increase sexual pleasure, and/or facilitate sexual encounters that last several hours or days."
1118,"Medications used to relax muscles in the penis, increasing blood flow to allow for an erection in response to sexual stimuli."
1119,"The use of substances (that are typically deemed harmful or are subject to legal restriction, such as drugs or alcohol) by LGBTQ+ people for recreational or social purposes."
1120,
1121,"Devices worn to attach a dildo to a person's body, typically so they can penetrate a partner's vagina or anus."
1122,"Devices worn to attach a dildo to a person's thigh, typically so they can penetrate a partner's vagina or anus."
1123,"Reconstruction of the chest, typically following a mastectomy, to give the chest a more masculine appearance."
1124,"Bisexual people of Mexican descent born in the United States; only use to describe people who self-identify as Chicano, Chicana, or Chicanx. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Hispanic people."
1125,"LGBTQ+ people of Mexican descent born in the United States; only use to describe people who self-identify as Chicano, Chicana, or Chicanx. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Hispanic people."
1126,"Intersex people of Mexican descent born in the United States; only use to describe people who self-identify as Chicano, Chicana, or Chicanx. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Hispanic people."
1127,"Lesbians of Mexican descent born in the United States; only use to describe people who self-identify as Chicano, Chicana, or Chicanx. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Hispanic people."
1128,"Queer people of Mexican descent born in the United States; only use to describe people who self-identify as Chicano, Chicana, or Chicanx. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Hispanic people."
1129,"Transgender people of Mexican descent born in the United States; only use to describe people who self-identify as Chicano, Chicana, or Chicanx. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Hispanic people."
1130,"Legal term for the guardianship of a child, or the legal and practical relationship between a parent and a child in their care. Typically used to describe legal custody, which is the right to make decisions about the child, as well as physical custody, which is the right and duty to house, provide, and care for the child."
1131,Legal dissolution of marriages involving one or more LGBTQ+ people. 
1132,Arrangement mutually agreed upon or ordered by a judge for married LGBTQ+ people to live apart while remaining legally married. 
1133,Families including foster children in which one or more individuals identify as LGBTQ+.
1134,"A group of people in kinship through adoption, biology, or choice."
1135,Children younger than 18 years who identify as cisgender.
1136,Children younger than 18 years who identify as heterosexual.
1137,People born through surrogacy.
1138,"People who were conceived through IVF, or in vitro fertilization."
1139,Two-Spirit people who have not yet reached the age of adolescence.
1140,"The sexual behavior of children, include children's sense of their sexual orientation."
1141,A person's drive or desire to have children.
1142,"Sons who have one or more asexual parent. For sons who are themselves asexual, use the term ""Asexual sons."""
1143,"Sons who have one or more bisexual parent. For sons who are themselves bisexual, use the term ""Bisexual sons."""
1144,Children who have one or more gay father.
1145,"Sons who have one or more gay parent. For sons who are themselves gay, use the term ""Gay sons."""
1146,"Families, whether biological, adoptive, or chosen, in which one or more individuals identify as gay men."
1147,Gay men who are parents.
1148,Children who have one or more intersex parent.
1149,Parents who are intersex.
1150,"Families, whether biological, adoptive, or chosen, in which one or more individuals are intersex."
1151,"Sons who have one or more intersex parent. For sons who are themselves intersex, use the term ""Intersex sons."""
1152,Children who have one or more lesbian parent.
1153,Sons who have one or more lesbian parent.
1154,"Families, whether biological, adoptive, or chosen, in which one or more individuals identify as lesbian."
1155,Lesbians who are parents.
1156,Children who have one or more queer parent.
1157,Children who have one or more transgender parent.
1158,Children who have one or more Two-Spirit parent.
1159,"People with one or more queer parent or caregiver, usually for self-identification. Queerspawn is believed to have been coined in 1995 or 1996 by Stefan Lynch for use in zine published by COLAGE, a U.S. based organization dedicated to supporting people with one or more LGBTQ+ caregiver."
1160,Term used to describe people who are LGBTQ+ and have at least one LGBTQ+ parent or caregiver.
1161,Refers to families with LGBTQ+ individuals in multiple generations.
1162,"Sons who have one or more queer parent. For sons who are themselves queer, use the term ""Queer sons."""
1163,"Families, whether biological, adoptive, or chosen, in which one or more individuals identify as queer."
1164,Queer people who are parents.
1165,"Term used to describe the feeling shared by many people with queer parents or caregivers that they grew up immersed in queer culture, including queer traditions, celebrations, media, and language."
1166,"Sons who have one or more transgender parent. For sons who are themselves transgender, use the term ""Transgender sons."""
1167,People who have one or more transgender parent or caregiver.
1168,"Families, whether biological, adoptive, or chosen, in which one or more individuals identify as transgender."
1169,Transgender people who are parents.
1170,"Families, whether biological, adoptive, or chosen, in which one or more individuals identify as Two-Spirit."
1171,Two-Spirit people who are parents.
1172,"Chimeras, or people with chimerism, have two different sets of DNA. This happens when a person is pregnant with fraternal twins, but the embryos combine into one fetus."
1173,"Term used to describe the variation in which a person is born with two or more different sets of DNA. This can occur when multiple zygotes (such as fraternal twins) combine and develop into one fetus. Sex-chromosome discordant chimerism occurs when at least one embryo with XX chromosomes fuses with at least one embryo with XY chromosomes. A person who develops this way would have sets of both XX and XY chromosomes, or a chromosome pattern of 46XX/46XY, and could have a wide variety of different possible sex characteristics. Many people with chimerism and XX/XY chromosomes have both ovarian and testicular tissue, while others have only testes or only ovaries, and still others have gonadal dysgenesis. Some have noticeable genital differences and others do not."
1174,A name chosen by an individual that differs from their birth or legal name; often used to describe names chosen by LGBTQ+ people to better match their identities.
1175,"Personal names ascribed to individuals at birth, typically by their parents. Sometimes referred to as ""birth names"" or, in cultures where the given name precedes the family name, ""first names."""
1176,Surgical removal of the foreskin of the penis.
1177,Surgical procedure involving the removal or reduction of the clitoris.
1178,"Men whose penises are circumcised (i.e., the foreskin of the penis has been surgically removed)."
1179,The process of altering a circumcised penis to reconstruct or restore the foreskin.
1180,"Men whose penises are uncircumcised (i.e., the foreskin of the penis has not been surgically removed)."
1181,Cisgender people who are between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
1182,Individuals whose gender identity matches the gender or sex they were assigned at birth.
1183,Girls (typically children or youth younger than 18) who are cisgender.
1184,Term used to describe the identity of people who identify with the sex or gender they were assigned at birth.
1185,Term used to describe people who identify with the sex they were assigned at birth.
1186,"Individuals whose sex matches the sex or gender they were assigned at birth. Whereas cisgender refers to people who are not transgender, cissexual refers to people who are not transsexual."
1187,"People who partially, but not fully, identify women or girls irrespective of their assigned genders. Used by cisgender, transgender, transfeminine, or nonbinary people who feel more strongly aligned with women physically or socially, but not strongly enough to identify solely as one."
1188,"People who partially, but not fully, identify as men or boys irrespective of their assigned genders. Used by cisgender, transgender, transmasculine, or nonbinary people who feel more aligned with men physically or socially, but not strongly enough to identify solely as one."
1189,"Individuals who transition from female to male or male to female. Generally refers to individuals who transition their physical bodies to align with their gender identities. Though this term was popular in the 20th century and is still in use today, it has been largely replaced by ""transgender people"" and ""trans people."" Some but not all people regard this term as outdated and offensive. Only use to describe people who self-identify as transsexual."
1190,Official certificates certifying civil unions established in compliance with the laws of certain jurisdictions.
1191,"Legally recognized unions with rights similar (but often not identical or equal) to those of marriage, originally created for same-sex couples in jurisdictions where they were not legally allowed to marry."
1192,Legal documents certifying civil unions established in compliance with the laws of certain jurisdictions.
1193,"Structure or composition of an individual's household or living environment, including the number of household members and their relationships to each other."
1194,Legal or personal relationships between individuals who live together and share their lives but are not married or joined by civil union.
1195,"The status or standing of an individual or thing within a certain legal jurisdiction, including the individual's or thing's legal rights and privileges; typically used in reference to citizenship or marriage."
1196,"Legal union between two or more people in a personal relationship that may or may not grant certain economic, legal, and social rights."
1197,"Legal regulations and laws dictating where, when, under what conditions, and who can be legally married in a certain jurisdiction."
1198,"People who have classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), a subtype of CAH, have more pronounced issues with cortisol and/or aldosterone production. This variation is likely to be noticed at birth or shortly after."
1199,"Congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) is a group of different but related genetic variations that affect the enzymes that allow the adrenal glands to make hormones that regulate the body’s functions. People with CAH do not consistently produce the amount of cortisol or aldosterone they need, but they may naturally produce higher-than-typical levels of androgens such as testosterone to help the body compensate. Someone with CAH can be born with XX or XY chromosomes. People with CAH and XY chromosomes are usually not considered to have a variation in sex characteristics since an increased amount of androgens will not cause the development of any characteristics that are not considered typical for people assigned male at birth. In people with XX chromosomes and CAH, the increase in androgen production can result in genital differences such as a larger-than-typical clitoris, fused labia, and the fusion of the urethra and vaginal canal to form a single opening. They may also develop some characteristics like body and facial hair or increased muscle mass during childhood or puberty."
1200,"People who have salt-wasting congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), a subtype of classical CAH, experience ""salt-wasting,"" a dangerous scenario a person's low levels of aldosterone cause their body to lose too much sodium. They may experience life-threatening adrenal crises, especially when their body is under stress."
1201,"Genital piercings placed directly through the hood of the clitoris, typically worn for aesthetic purposes or to enhance sexual arousal."
1202,Erogenous external organ that is capable of erection under sexual stimulation.
1203,Sexual acts involving the clitoris.
1204,Sexual acts involving the vagina.
1205,"The practice of cutting or removing the female genitals, sometimes to control sexual drive or punish lesbianism."
1206,"Surgeries or other medical treatments performed, typically on newborn babies or children, to ""normalize"" the patient's reproductive or sexual anatomy and force their body to conform to medical or social expectations for what is male or female. IGM practices can be performed for cultural, social, or religious reasons. Though they are typically justified through a medical lens, IGM practices are medically unnecessary and non-consensual."
1207,"General term for erogenous and/or reproductive organs (e.g., vagina, clitoris, penis)."
1208,"Commonly characterized as an erogenous area of the front anterior wall of the vagina that, when stimulated, can lead to sexual arousal, orgasms, and/or ejaculation."
1209,"People born with clitoromegaly have a clitoris that is larger than what society considers to be typical. Clitoromegaly is a trait associated with several different intersex variations, including congenital adrenal hyperplasia and progestin-induced virilization."
1210,A surgically constructed vagina; typically made using tissue grafted from other parts of the body.
1211,"People born with cloacal exstrophy are born with an open abdominal wall exposing their colon, bladder, and sometimes other abdominal organs. Their organs may also be positioned outside of the body at birth. The bladder is often split into two halves, and the colon and bladder may be connected. The anal opening may be blocked or not have been formed. The pubic bones do not join together, resulting in an open pelvis with noticeable genital differences. People with XY chromosomes and cloacal exstrophy may have a smaller-than-typical penis that is flat or split into two halves with an epispadic urethra (opening on the top of the penis rather than at the tip) and undescended testes. Someone with XX chromosomes and cloacal exstrophy usually has a clitoris that is split into two halves, and they may have two vaginal openings."
1212,"Slang term for the act of identifying (or clocking) someone in public as trans, crossdressing, or in drag when that person is intending to pass or be read by others as cisgender, typically for their personal safety. Clocking is often understood to be a threat (of violence or public outing) against the person being clocked. Use the term ""Reading (Gender)"" to refer to shared identification or recognized kinship between two individuals who are both gender minorities."
1213,Individuals who wear clothes stereotypical to or associated with a gender other than their predominantly-identified gender. Crossdressers often develop a persona while crossdressing. Only use to describe individuals who self-identify as crossdressers.
1214,"An individual's ability to ""pass,"" or be accepted or regarded as a member of the gender they identify with. ""Passing"" has historically been used to describe an individual's ability to ""pass"" as a certain race or ethnicity, though the term was later appropriated by the LGBTQ+ community."
1215,U.S. historical term used to describe individuals who wear clothes associated with a gender other than their gender assigned at birth; generally considered to be a derogatory term; use only in historical contexts.
1216,Historical term for gay men who dress in a particular masculine fashion; often used in the Castro District of San Francisco.
1217,Gay men who do not identify as such to others.
1218,Queer people who do not identify as such to others.
1219,Transgender people who do not identify as such to others.
1220,Lesbians who do not identify as such to others.
1221,Intersex people who do not disclose the fact that they are intersex to others.
1222,Two-Spirit people who do not identify as such to others.
1223,"Items worn on the body for protection, insulation, and self-expression; typically made of fabric or textiles."
1224,"Sets of clothing worn to emulate a particular person, place, thing, or time period."
1225,"Category of clothing that includes bras, underwear, hosiery, and robes; typically refers to undergarments and sleepwear designed to be sexually appealing and worn in erotic contexts."
1226,The practice of wearing clothing stereotypical to a gender other than the individual's predominantly-identified gender.
1227,"Slang term used to describe people wearing masculine clothing, typically drag queens or crossdressers who also sometimes wear feminine clothing. Drab is a shortened form of the phrase ""dressed as a boy"" or ""dress resembling a boy."""
1228,"Term used in the 18th and 19th centuries to describe the act of dressing in disguise, often to emulate another gender. Only use in historical contexts."
1229,"Costumes worn by furries that represent their fursonas (i.e., anthropomorphized animal versions of themselves)."
1230,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Co went to the Homosaurus website. I watched co browse the Homosaurus. Co uses the Homosaurus coself.
1231,Rings or circular sex toys worn on the penis to maintain an erection and prevent orgasm.
1232,External genital organ.
1233,Legal framework in which two partners are considered married without having formally registered their relationship as a civil or religious marriage. Common law marriage grants certain economic rights and legal privileges. 
1234,The positive emotion an individual may experience in regards to their partner's relationship with another partner. Often defined as the opposite of jealousy.
1235,Practice of romantic or sexual relationships with more than one person simultaneously and with all the consent of all partners involved.
1236,"People with complete androgen insensitivity syndrome (CAIS) have no response to androgens and are born with a vulva and clitoris, as well as a shorter-than-typical vagina and undescended testes. In adolescence, they will develop breasts and other features associated with a typical estrogen puberty due to the body’s natural conversion of testosterone to estrogen. However, people with CAIS do not menstruate because they do not have a uterus or ovaries."
1237,Individuals who engage in sexual or romantic relationships with only one person at a time.
1238,An individual's preference toward or away from a particular relationship model.
1239,The practice of determining the shape of a family by LGBTQ+ people.
1240,Latex contraceptives used to cover penises during sexual activity for the purposes of preventing STIs and/or pregnancy.
1241,"Non-classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), a subtype of CAH, does not usually become apparent until later in childhood, adolescence, or even young adulthood."
1242,"People born with congenital chordee have a penis that curves upward or downward or bends to one side, usually due to bands of fibrous tissue that pull the penis in a particular direction. People with congenital chordee often have hypospadias, meaning that their urethral opening is not at the tip of the penis."
1243,Practice of engaging in romantic or sexual relationships with more than one person simultaneously. 
1244,"People who practice a type of non-monogamy characterized by application of anarchist principles (such as autonomy, anti-normativity, anti-hierarchical practices, refusal of state governance) to relationships. Often contrasted with hierarchical polyamory."
1245,"A type of non-monogamy characterized by application of anarchist principles (such as autonomy, anti-normativity, anti-hierarchical practices, refusal of state governance) to relationships. Often contrasted with hierarchical polyamory."
1246,"Abbreviation for ""don’t ask don’t tell relationships,"" where partners agree that they have each have multiple romantic and/or sexual relationships as long as they do not discuss it with their primary partner or let it interfere with their partner’s daily life."
1247,"An agreement, sexual practice, or relationship in which a couple engages in group sex or the swapping of sexual partners within a group, often on a habitual basis."
1248,"In polyamory or open relationships, metamours are the partners of an individual's partner, with whom the individual does not have a direct sexual or romantic relationship."
1249,"In polyamory contexts, paramours are the partners of an individual's partner, typically as part of a relationship the primary partner is unaware of. In other contexts, this term is used broadly as a synonym for lovers."
1250,"The practice of weighing all options and considering evidence, alternatives, and potential risks in order to make a truly informed medical decision. Such decisions are best made over a period of time rather than under pressure."
1251,Acts of sexual abuse and violence directed towards LGBTQ+ people.
1252,"The practice of engaging in romantic, sexual, or play relationships where the dominant partner has multiple spouses, though these marriages are not always recognized by law or within society."
1253,"A content warning applied to fanworks to signal the presence of rape, non-consensual sexual encounters, or dubiously consensual sexual encounters."
1254,"Statements used to caution individuals that materials may be disturbing or offensive. Includes warnings assigned to fanworks (usually by the creator) that give information about possibly upsetting, triggering, or controversial elements within a work."
1255,"Works, such as fanfiction or fanart, created by fans using characters, settings, and/or plots of other media properties."
1256,"Slang term for mustaches or facial hair on the upper lip, particularly that of lesbians."
1257,Facial hair on the upper lip. Includes false or drag mustaches as well as naturally grown hair.
1258,"Criminal practice in which men rape lesbians, sometimes under the supervision of members of the women's families or local communities, with the purported purpose of ""curing"" them of homosexuality."
1259,"Lesbians who have experienced and survived rape; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1260,"Lesbians who have experienced rape and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1261,"Tight-fitting garments worn over the chest and/or stomach, typically for aesthetic or medical purposes."
1262,"The celebration of Halloween, often called Gay Christmas, by LGBTQ+ people. Typically involves dressing in drag or elaborate costumes as a form of gender play and attending large parties in LGBTQ+ neighborhoods or establishments."
1263,"UK slang term for public bathrooms used as locations for sexual encounters, particularly by gay men."
1264,"Holes through walls or partitions, such as public bathroom stalls, that allow people to perform or observe sex acts, typically anonymously. Often associated with gay male culture due to the historical and ongoing use of glory holes by closeted gay men to facilitate oral or anal sex without the risk of identification or arrest."
1265,U.S. slang term for public bathrooms that are used as locations for sexual encounters.
1266,"Sex in public places such as beaches, parks, cottages, etc."
1267,"Legal documents authorizing individuals to operate motor vehicles; commonly used as legal proof of identity; can be used in reference to LGBTQ+ people seeking driver's licenses or changes to existing licenses (e.g., name, gender or sex marker, photo)."
1268,"Body of law relating to crime that prescribes the legality and consequences of conduct perceived as threatening, harmful, or endangering to the property, health, safety, and/or moral welfare of oneself and others. "
1269,The process by which behaviors and individuals are framed as and come to be known as criminal.
1270,The process of lessening or removing criminal penalties for certain acts.
1271,"Criminalization of existing or identifying as an LGBTQ+ person, being perceived as LGBTQ+, or engaging in any of various actions considered to be linked to LGBTQ+ status."
1272,Criminalization of any expression of gender considered to be nonconforming in a given sociocultural context.
1273,Criminalization of any expression of gender considered to be cross-dressing in a given sociocultural context.
1274,"Gender identity that does not conform to the gender binary, not to be confused with gender non-conforming practices engaged in by cisgender people."
1275,Criminalization of acts considered to be sexual or romantic between individuals perceived as being of the same gender category in a given sociocultural context.
1276,"Laws and regulations regarding the legality of sodomy, particularly in the United States, Great Britain, and/or former British colonies."
1277,"A shortened form of the word ""cripple"" that has been reclaimed by disabled people to express pride and identify their political and community ties. Only use in reference to individuals or organizations that self-identify as crip. Because of the many intersections between crip theory/culture and queer theory/culture, the two are often but not always viewed as related."
1278,Terms that have been or are currently used in derogatory ways but have been reclaimed by certain groups or in certain circumstances.
1279,"A term commonly used in academic disciplines to describe actions that address sexual and gender normativity, expose systems of oppression, and attempt to undermine those systems."
1280,"A portmanteau of two reclaimed terms (queer and crip) used to indicate that a person or a thing belongs to both queer and crip communities, often used to indicate unity or shared struggles. This term may also appear as ""cripqueer"" to emphasize the crip identity before the queer one.				"
1281,Systems of ideas intended to explain a particular phenomenon.
1282,Relationships between people of different ethnic or racial backgrounds.
1283,"Performers, often people assigned female at birth, who dress in stereotypically masculine attire and enact masculine personas for the purpose of entertainment."
1284,"Performers, often people assigned male at birth, who dress in stereotypically feminine attire and enact feminine personas for the purpose of entertainment."
1285,Historical term for people assigned male at birth who adopt feminine behaviors.
1286,"People whose sexual, romantic, or play partner is a crossdresser. Only use to describe individuals whose partners self-identify as crossdressers."
1287,People who act as parents to one or more crossdresser. Only use to describe the parents of someone who self-identifies as a crossdresser.
1288,"A form of theatre in Japan that often features crossdressing actors. Historically, female performers played both male and female roles, but women were later banned from performing and were replaced with male performers who played both male and female roles."
1289,Historical term used to describe people assigned male at birth who adopt feminine behaviors.
1290,"Slang term for the act of identifying (or reading) someone in public as trans, non-binary, crossdressing, or in drag. Unlike Clocking (Gender), which is typically understood as a threat (of violence or outing) against the person being clocked or read, Reading (Gender) refers to shared identification or recognized kinship between two individuals who are both gender minorities."
1291,U.S. historical term used to describe the practices of individuals who wear clothes associated with a gender other than their gender assigned at birth; generally considered to be a derogatory term; use only in historical contexts.
1292,Physical or online spaces in which LGBTQ+ people meet.
1293,"An intersex variation in which one or both of the testes do not descend from the abdomen into the scrotum. If both testes are undescended, this is known as ""bilateral cryptorchidism,"" whereas ""unilateral cryptorchidism"" occurs when only one the testes does not descend."
1294,"Colloquial term for semen (or, less commonly, vaginal fluid) ejaculated during orgasm."
1295,"Slang term for the act of experiencing erotic or sexual pleasure, typically referring to an orgasm."
1296,Term used in the context of sex work to describe a massage that ends with the masseuse giving the client an orgasm.
1297,Slang term for semen; primarily used in the United States.
1298,"Climax of sexual excitement, typically characterized by feelings of pleasure and physical sensations including rapid muscle contractions, higher blood pressure and heart rate, release of endorphins, and ejaculation."
1299,The most intense or highest point of pleasure in sexual activities; the peak of an orgasm.
1300,Term describing the physiological and psychological response to sexual stimulation.
1301,To touch or pass over with the tongue to moisten or taste; use to describe licking associated in the context of sexual practices or sexual arousal. 
1302,Internal muscular channel connected to external genital organs.
1303,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Cy went to the Homosaurus website. I watched cyb browse the Homosaurus. Cy uses the Homosaurus cyberself.
1304,"Erotic or sexual communication and activity between two or more people that takes place online or using technology (e.g., texting, video chatting)."
1305,Software applications designed to generate connections between people interested in romantic or sexual relationships.
1306,"Men who place particular importance upon physical appearance, refined language, and leisurely hobbies."
1307,The style or conduct of a dandy.
1308,"Rooms in nightclubs, sex clubs, or bathhouses where patrons can discretely engage in sexual activity. Dark rooms were common features in gay bars and clubs in the 1960-80s and remain common among swingers today."
1309,Drinking establishments that primarily cater to gay men.
1310,Bars or clubs that cater to members of the leather community.
1311,Software applications designed to generate connections between LGBTQ+ people interested in romantic or sexual relationships.
1312,Online websites designed to generate connections between people interested in romantic or sexual relationships.
1313,"Utilizing online websites, applications, or forums to meet romantic or sexual partners."
1314,Websites designed to generate connections between LGBTQ+ people interested in romantic or sexual relationships.
1315,People who are daughters.
1316,"Daughters who have one or more LGBTQ+ parent. For daughters who are themselves LGBTQ+, use the term ""LGBTQ+ daughters."""
1317,Daughters who have one or more asexual parent.
1318,Daughters who have one or more bisexual parent.
1319,Daughters who have one or more gay parent.
1320,Daughters who have one or more intersex parent.
1321,Daughters who have one or more lesbian parent.
1322,Daughters who have one or more transgender parent.
1323,Daughters who have one or more queer parent.
1324,"De la Chapelle syndrome causes people with XX chromosomes to be born with a penis and testes. This usually happens because a particular gene typically seen on Y chromosomes (known as the SRY gene) ends up on one of their X chromosomes and causes their genitals and internal reproductive organs to develop as they typically would in someone with XY chromosomes. People with de la Chapelle might have testes that are smaller than typical or that are undescended, and they are often infertile. In adolescence, they may experience breast growth, and they might not develop the characteristics that are usually associated with a typical testosterone puberty."
1325,"The act of referring to a person's gender incorrectly, often by using pronouns they do not identify with."
1326,A way of life characterized by mannerisms and affectations marked by excess.
1327,"In Thailand, cisgender women who conform to feminine gender norms and who often partner with masculine-identified toms; similar to a femme in U.S. lesbian culture."
1328,"In Thailand, this term refers to a range of people of non-normative gender expressions, including intersex people, transgender women, and effeminate gay men. Some regard this term as outdated and offensive, while others self-identify with it. Only use to describe people who self-identify as katoey."
1329,"In Thailand, this term is used to describe people assigned female at birth who exhibit masculine traits, often partnering with feminine dees; similar to a butch in U.S. lesbian culture."
1330,"Primarily a U.S. American and Canadian movement which supports divesting funds from, or abolition of, police departments (and often police structures generally) and reallocating them to non-policing forms of public safety and community support, such as social services, youth services, housing, education, healthcare and other community resources."
1331,
1332,"A primarily U.S. American and Canadian political movement that advocates replacing policing with other systems of public safety. Police abolitionists believe that policing, as a system, is inherently flawed and cannot be reformed—a view that rejects the ideology of police reformists. While reformists seek to address the ways in which policing occurs, abolitionists seek to transform policing altogether through a process of disbanding, disempowering, and disarming the police. Abolitionists argue that the institution of policing is deeply rooted in a history of white supremacy and settler colonialism and that it is inseparable from a pre-existing racial capitalist order, and thus believe a reformist approach to policing will always fail."
1333,People who have a partial connection to a certain gender or concept of gender.
1334,Umbrella term for gender identities that emphasize a partial connection to a certain gender or concept of gender.
1335,Masculine-aligned identities or practices of trans people.
1336,Term used to describe individuals whose gender expression is more feminine than androgynous. Generally used as a self-descriptor within LGBTQ+ communities.
1337,People who identify partially or fully with a feminine gender identity and who were typically (but not always) assigned male at birth.
1338,Feminine-aligned identities or practices of trans people.
1339,Individuals who experience romantic attraction to other people only after forming emotional bonds.
1340,Romantic orientation in which romantic attraction to other people is only experienced after forming emotional bonds.
1341,"Term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by demisexual artists or about demisexual topics and communities. 
"
1342,"Erotic art, created by demisexual artists, depicting demisexual people, or that are regarded as important within demisexual culture."
1343,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by demisexual authors.				
1344,"Written literary works about demisexuality, demisexual characters, or demisexual themes.				"
1345,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by demisexual authors.				
1346,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on demisexual characters or themes.				
1347,"Works in the performance arts that focus on demisexual characters, communities, or issues.				"
1348,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring demisexual people.
1349,"Erotic films or movies, created by demisexual directors, depicting demisexual people, or that are regarded as important within demisexual culture."
1350,"Motion pictures, or movies, created by demisexual directors, depicting demisexual people, or that are regarded as important within demisexual culture."
1351,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning demisexual people, or people who might be perceived as demisexual if they were alive today.				"
1352,Intersex people between the age of childhood and adulthood.
1353,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on demisexual characters or themes.				"
1354,A sexual orientation generally characterized by a person's lack of emotional connection to other people unless or until they have formed a strong sexual connection with them first.
1355,"Refusal to acknowledge or affirm one's own sexual identity, or the sexual identity of another individual."
1356,Term coined by Sigmund Freud to describe erotic attraction towards members of the same sex or gender that is not (and may never be) consciously experienced or expressed openly.
1357,"Restraint or denial of one’s own thoughts, wishes, feelings or identity, as experienced by LGBTQ+ people."
1358,"This term is often used to describe internalized oppression held by and about LGBTQ+ people in general. It can also describe the more specific phenomenon in which gay men internalize or adopt homophobic beliefs (i.e., negative perceptions of and intolerance toward gay men and homosexuality) as a result of being raised or socialized within a homophobic environment or culture. "
1359,"The phenomenon in which someone in a marginalized group internalizes or adopts oppressive beliefs (i.e., negative perceptions of and intolerance toward any marginalized identities they hold) as a result of being raised or socialized within an oppressive environment or culture."
1360,A square sheet of latex or polyurethane used to create a barrier between the mouth and the vagina or anus during oral sex.
1361,"No longer identifying as transgender, or, more broadly, no longer identifying as some particular gender."
1362,"Ceasing or reversing the process of gender transition for any reason, including personal safety, stigma, costs associated with transitioning, health concerns, to regain fertility, etc."
1363,Restarting the process of gender transition after a period of detransitioning.
1364,Term used to describe a person’s current status in their gender transition.
1365,"Physical and legal confinement of LGBTQ+ people in hospitals or medical institutions, typically to receive evaluation and treatment ordered by a court or other such authority. Can be used to describe both short-term or long-term institutionalization."
1366,"Confinement, including physical and/or legal restraint, of LGBTQ+ people by an institution or authority. Typically used to describe confinement to a public or private prison that is sentenced by a court within a penal system."
1367,"Legal and social entitlement to freedom, equality, and protection held by LGBTQ+ immigrants."
1368,"LGBTQ+ people who are deprived of their liberty against their will by an institution or authority. Typically used to describe individuals sentenced to confinement in a public or private prison by a court within a penal system, but may also include people forcibly confined to hospitals and other institutions."
1369,"A form of psychiatric treatment for major depression, bipolar depression, and other mental health conditions that usually consists of brief electrical pulses to the brain through electrodes on the head that induce controlled seizures. Electroshock therapy has historically been used as an attempt to ""cure"" homosexuality and other non-normative sexualities and sexual practices."
1370,"Organized measures taken for the diagnosis, maintenance, treatment, or improvement of mental health or psychological well being; use in reference to mental health care addressing the particular needs of LGBTQ+ individuals or communities."
1371,"Bengali term for third sex people, often referring to feminine people who were assigned male at birth."
1372,"Identification of LGBTQ+ people, or people believed to be LGBTQ+, by police using digital tools, such as phone records, mobile applications, facial identification algorithms, and artificial intelligence technologies. Such data is then used to entrap and prosecute LGBTQ+ persons, especially in areas where being LGBTQ+ is still criminalized."
1373,"Identification of LGBTQ+ people, or people believed to be LGBTQ+, by police using any of various tools and mechanisms, many of which are pseudoscientific in nature. Such data is then used to entrap and prosecute LGBTQ+ persons, especially in areas where being LGBTQ+ is still criminalized."
1374,Navajo term for a person assigned female at birth who takes on the role of a boy in childhood and a man in adulthood.
1375,Term used in Native American Navajo tribes to describe people assigned male at birth who take on the role of girls in childhood and women in adulthood.
1376,Sexual intercourse in which a dildo attached to a harness is used for either vaginal or anal penetration.
1377,Electric-powered sex toys that produce different levels of vibrations or pulses to aid in sexual stimulation and pleasure.
1378,"Term used within medical contexts to refer to a wide range of variations in sex characteristics. Many people with intersex variations consider these terms to be stigmatizing and pathologizing, though they often still encounter them in their medical records."
1379,"An umbrella term used to refer to people born with variations in their physical sex characteristics--including genitals, gonads, chromosomes, and hormonal factors--that do not fit typical definitions of male or female bodies."
1380,"Diversity in characteristics of people in age, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, lifestyle, etc."
1381,An umbrella term encompassing a range of gender identities.
1382,Diversity of sexual orientation or sexuality among members of a group or within a given society.
1383,People whose marriages have been legally dissolved. 
1384,"A person's state of being single, married, separated, divorced, or widowed, as defined by a government or legal authority."
1385,"People who are not involved in any committed sexual or romantic relationships, including marriages, civil unions, or other established partnerships."
1386,Asexual people who are of the Dogra people of India and Pakistan and speak the Dogri language.
1387,LGBTQ+ people who are of the Dogra people of India and Pakistan and speak the Dogri language.
1388,Bisexual people who are of the Dogra people of India and Pakistan and speak the Dogri language.
1389,Gay men who are of the Dogra people of India and Pakistan and speak the Dogri language.
1390,Intersex people who are of the Dogra people of India and Pakistan and speak the Dogri language.
1391,Lesbians who are of the Dogra people of India and Pakistan and speak the Dogri language.
1392,Queer people who are of the Dogra people of India and Pakistan and speak the Dogri language.
1393,Transgender people who are of the Dogra people of India and Pakistan and speak the Dogri language.
1394,"Agreements, legal or otherwise, between two unmarried people in a domestic partnership that define property rights and support obligations if the relationship ends or if one partner dies."
1395,Employee benefit plans for people in domestic partnerships that can be accessed upon retirement.
1396,Marriage ceremonies and the accompanying festivities; use to describe weddings in which both partners are LGBTQ+.
1397,"An individual's partner or partners in an established, ongoing romantic or sexual relationship."
1398,Individuals who share the same parent or parents.
1399,LGBTQ+ people who give blood for transfusion and medical purposes.
1400,Donors whose identities are known by the people to whom they donated gametes and/or the offspring born of that donation.
1401,"Donors who donated their gametes with the understanding that their identity and/or contact information would be released to any offspring born of that donation. The age at which the offspring receives this information varies, following the donor's preference."
1402,Individuals of any gender who donate their own eggs for the purpose of inducing pregnancy.
1403,"Slang term used to describe men who have romantic and/or sexual relationships with other men; often used as an alternative to the term ""Men who have sex with men."" Can be used to describe men who are exclusively or primarily interested in men, as well as men who are also interested in people of other or all genders. Only use to describe people who self-identify as MLM."
1404,Establishments (typically serving alcohol) that host drag shows or other events featuring drag performers.
1405,"Performers who dress and/or use makeup to produce, emphasize, and/or exaggerate traits associated with a certain gender, which may or may not be the gender the performer primarily identifies with."
1406,Organized public or social occasions for LGBTQ+ people and communities.
1407,A drinking establishment that serves food and acts as a community gathering place; use in reference to pubs that primarily cater to LGBTQ+ people.
1408,More experienced drag kings who support less experienced drag kings as they enter the drag scene as performers.
1409,More experienced drag queens who support less experienced drag queens as they enter the drag scene as performers.
1410,"Historical term used to describe performers, often female-identified people, who enact male personas for the purpose of entertainment, typically for straight audiences. Only use in historical contexts."
1411,Slang term for effeminate gay men; predominantly used in the United States.
1412,"Historical term describing performers, often male-identified people, who enact female personas for the purpose of entertainment, often for straight audiences. Eclipsed by other terms (such as drag queen) in the late 20th century."
1413,"The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, produced by the American Psychiatric Association; can be used in reference to the DSM's historical or present day descriptions of LGBTQ+ identities and practices."
1414,"Men who identify as heterosexual, or straight."
1415,"Marches, protests, and other gatherings focused on lesbian visibility, issues, and rights. Only use to describe marches explicitly for dykes or centered on the dyke identity and politics. Otherwise, use the more general term ""Lesbian marches."""
1416,"The celebration and recognition of LGBTQ+ identities, affirming the visibility, dignity, and diversity of LGBTQ+ communities. While ""gay pride"" can refer to gay men specifically, it is more commonly used as an umbrella term for LGBTQ+ pride in general."
1417,"The celebration and recognition of lesbian identity, affirming the visibility, dignity, and diversity of lesbian communities."
1418,Marches and gatherings focused on trans issues and rights.
1419,A chartered motorcycle club with many loosely affiliated chapters that are comprised of lesbian members who identify as dykes; known for their participation in gay pride events.
1420,Organized groups of LGBTQ+ people formed around shared interest in and activities related to motorcycles.
1421,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: E went to the Homosaurus website. I watched em browse the Homosaurus. E uses the Homosaurus emself.
1422,"Patient care model developed by John Money, a New Zealand psychologist who theorized that gender was completely dependent on ""nurture."" This model advocates for performing genital surgery on intersex infants and raising them as girls. Money's theories have resulted in many surgically misgendered children who have had to deal with life-long gender dysphoria, depression, sexual dysfunction, bowel and urinary incontinence, and nerve pain. A patient-centered model, in which the intersex child is allowed to grow up and make their own choices regarding their gender and surgical option, is now preferred."
1423,Political and philosophical movement that views feminism and concerns for the environment as inherently related.
1424,The process by which a person becomes pregnant using a donated egg.
1425,Internal conflict caused by having a sexual identity or attraction that is at odds with one’s idealized self-image.
1426,"Medical conditions defined by changes or disturbances in an individual's thinking, feeling, mood, and behavior."
1427,Historical term for homosexuality used by sexologists to refer to an inborn reversal of gender traits or roles. Only use in historical contexts.
1428,Pathologizing term often used in the medicalization of transgender people; use only in historical contexts.
1429,An individual's identification with a gender inconsistent with or not culturally associated with their assigned sex.
1430,"People with epispadias are born with a urinary opening located on the upper surface of their penis rather than at the tip (similar to the more common variation hypospadias). People with vulvas can also be born with epispadias, in which case the urethral opening is wider and located higher than typical. The clitoris may also be split into two halves. Epispadias is usually present whenever bladder exstrophy or cloacal exstrophy develop, but epispadias can also occur by itself."
1431,"Persistent difficulties in achieving or maintaining erections, typically for sexual activities."
1432,"Recurring problems or difficulties with sexual response, desire, or pleasure. Includes dysfunction occurring at any time in the sexual response cycle that causes distress or prevents one’s typical sexual function."
1433,Enlargement of the erectile tissue of the penis or clitoris due to increased blood flow; typically associated with sexual arousal. 
1434,Non-recreational drugs as used by members of the LGBTQ+ community.
1435,The small protuberance of a mammary gland.
1436,"Reproductive gland or gonad that produces sperm and androgens, primarily testosterone."
1437,Massage intended to enhance sexual arousal. 
1438,"Manipulation of the body through techniques like rubbing and kneading muscles and joints with the hands, typically to relieve tension and pain or to provide erotic stimulation."
1439,Sexual activity involving manual stimulation of erogenous zones using the hands.
1440,"The exchange of sexual services, performances, or products for material compensation; includes activities involving direct physical contact between buyers and sellers, as well as indirect sexual stimulation."
1441,"The portrayal of sexuality with high-art aspirations, typically also focusing on feelings and emotions."
1442,The depiction of sexual acts for other people's viewing.
1443,"The quality of being erotic, or causing sexual attraction, arousal, or desire. "
1444,"Touch between two or more people intended to arouse or convey feelings of closeness; can be used to express sexual or non-sexual intimacy and includes actions such as kissing, cuddling, embracing, and holding hands."
1445,Condition characterized by an individual's persistent and often mistaken belief that another person is infatuated or in love with them. Can also be used to describe a level or frequency of sexual desire perceived as excessive within a given culture. Medical doctors and psychologists have historically diagnosed LGBTQ+ people with erotomania in order to wrongly treat their identities and desires as medical disorders. Should only be used in a historical context or if an individual self-identifies with the term.
1446,"LGBTQ+ people experiencing addiction to or dependency upon sexual activities. Only use to refer to individuals who describe themselves as having sexual addictions, not individuals whose sexual practices are perceived as promiscuous or unsafe by others."
1447,"Term used to describe a level or frequency of sexual desire that is perceived as excessive within a given culture. Though the medical community has not reached a consensus as to whether hypersexuality should be included as a clinical diagnosis, doctors and psychologists have historically diagnosed LGBTQ+ people with hypersexuality (or other related labels) in order to wrongly treat their identities and desires as medical disorders. Should only be used in a historical context or if an individual self-identifies with the term."
1448,
1449,
1450,"The practice of defining certain categories through a set of supposed universal or fixed characteristics or traits (e.g., defining women in terms of ""female"" genitalia)."
1451,Field of critical theory that emerged in the 1990s out of queer studies and women's studies. Queer theory involves the study and theorization of gender and sexual practices and identities that exist outside of heterosexuality and which challenge heteronormativity and essentialism.
1452,"Belief or theory that categories of gender, sexual orientation, and ethnicity are cultural constructs rather than intrinsic categories of nature."
1453,"A category of steroid hormones including estrone, estradiol, estriol, and estetrol. Estrogens are commonly utilized in feminizing hormone therapy regimens. Estrogens are produced mainly in the ovaries, in addition to the adrenal glands and fat cells. Responsible for certain secondary sexual characteristics, including breast growth, thickening of the endometrium, menstrual cycle regulation, and sperm maturation."
1454,"MtF (male-to-female) is a mostly historical term that has been largely replaced by ""trans women."" This is due in part to the term’s connection to the medicalisation of transgender people and its assumption that trans women are ""born"" male and become female (typically through hormones and/or surgery)."
1455,"People with estrogen insensitivity syndrome (EIS) have a genetic variation in which their bodies do not respond to estrogen. People with XX chromosomes and EIS are usually born with a vulva and vagina, may have a small uterus and enlarged ovaries that later develop multiple cysts, and may produce very high levels of estrogen that their bodies do not recognize. In adolescence, they will most likely not experience the changes associated with a typical estrogen puberty such as breast development or menstruation. They may instead develop pubic hair and acne due to the influence of androgens. People with XY chromosomes can also be born with EIS, and they may or may not experience variations in their other hormone production, testicular development, and development of secondary sex characteristics as a result."
1456,Inquiries and speculations regarding the causes of sexual behaviors or diseases.
1457,"People and organizations that encourage people to resist entering or pursuing same-sex relationships, to eliminate homosexual desires, to develop heterosexual desires, and/or to enter into heterosexual relationships."
1458,
1459,"Practice of watching or listening to others, typically without their awareness or consent. In consensual sexual encounters, voyeurism involves watching or listening to someone undress or engage in sexual activity without actively participating."
1460,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ey went to the Homosaurus website. I watched em browse the Homosaurus. Ey uses the Homosaurus eirself.
1461,"In New Zealand, Samoan people who were assigned male at birth but behave in feminine ways and may consider themselves women."
1462,"In New Zealand, Samoan people who were assigned female at birth but behave in masculine ways and may consider themselves men."
1463,Any of various surgeries undertaken to feminize the face or facial features.
1464,Any of various surgeries that involve modifying the face or facial features to affirm the patient's gender.
1465,"A surgery in which the laryngeal prominence, colloquially referred to as the Adam's apple, is reduced in size, often as part of facial feminization surgery for transfeminine people. Cisgender men and cisgender women may also undergo tracheal shaves if they feel their laryngeal prominence is too prominent."
1466,Any of various surgeries undertaken to masculinize the face or facial features.
1467,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Fae went to the Homosaurus website. I watched faer browse the Homosaurus. Fae uses the Homosaurus faerself.
1468,"Queer people who are involved with or identify with the countercultural movement seeking to redefine queer consciousness through secular spirituality. Often but not always associated with the Radical Faeries, a loosely affiliated worldwide network that formed in the 1970s."
1469,"LGBTQ+ people who hold spiritual beliefs or engage in spiritual practices, typically involving an understanding of something greater than human existence, whether divine or cosmic in nature."
1470,"Pejorative term used chiefly in North America to describe gay men (or men assumed to be gay) and insult their perceived femininity. Some gay men have reclaimed this term and use it to describe themselves. Not to be confused with Faeries, the queer spiritual group."
1471,"Women who identify as heterosexual, or straight."
1472,Slang for heterosexual men who enjoy the company of gay men.
1473,"Slur used chiefly in North America to refer to gay men (or, in some cases, LGBTQ+ people in general). Some gay men have reclaimed this term and use it to describe themselves."
1474,Colloquial or informal language related to gay men or used by gay men.
1475,Tongan people assigned male at birth who behave in an effeminate manner.
1476,The children of an individual's children.
1477,People who are sons.
1478,People who are fathers.
1479,The parents of an individual's parents.
1480,"People who have one or more LGBTQ+ family member. For family members who are themselves LGBTQ+, use the term ""LGBTQ+ family members."""
1481,Family members who are LGBTQ+.
1482,"Gender-neutral term used to refer to the siblings or siblings-in-law of one's parents; an alternative to ""aunts"" or ""uncles."""
1483,"Gender-neutral term used to refer to the children of one's sibling; an alternative to ""nephews"" or ""nieces."""
1484,Art created by fans that relates to media properties or other subjects of fandom.
1485,"Artwork depicting same-sex or same-gender couples that is usually erotic or pornographic in nature. Historically used for male-male couples only, but is now used more broadly; includes femslash art."
1486,"Written works of fiction created by fans that use the characters, settings, and/or plots of other media properties in a transformative way."
1487,"Works created by fans that focus on romantic or sexual relationships between characters of the same sex or gender. Typically erotic or pornographic in nature. Historically used for male-male couples only, but is now used more broadly; includes femslash fanworks."
1488,Conventions dedicated to a particular fandom or fandom as a broad category.
1489,"Jargon or slang commonly used in fan communities, such as ""slash"" and ""shipping."""
1490,"The fan community that focuses on, incorporates, or details anthropomorphized animals."
1491,Issues and discussions about gender in fan spaces and works.
1492,The participation and inclusion of people of color in fan communities.
1493,Issues and discussions about the presence of racism in fan spaces and works.
1494,"Term used to describe fans' desire to see certain characters in sexual or romantic relationships, as well as the practice of pairing those characters in fanworks. The terms ""shipping"" and ""ship"" come from ""relationship."""
1495,"The fan community that focuses on, incorporates, or details relationships between two characters of the same sex or gender (usually fictional, with ""Real person fiction"" as an exception). Historically used for male-male couples only, but is now used more broadly; includes femslash fandom."
1496,Conventions for furries that focus on furry fanworks.
1497,"Conventions focused on slash, or fanworks depicting same-sex or same-gender couples that are typically erotic or pornographic in nature. Historically used for male-male couples only, but is now used more broadly; includes femslash conventions."
1498,"Slang relating to fanworks about sexual or romantic relationships between characters of the same sex or gender. Historically used for male-male couples only, but is now used more broadly; includes femslash terminology."
1499,"Fanfiction focusing on sexual or romantic relationships between characters of the same sex or gender that is typically erotic or pornographic in nature. Historically used for male-male couples only, but is now used more broadly; includes femslash fiction."
1500,"Fanfiction that primarily focuses on LGBTQ+ people, communities, and relationships, often using characters who are not stated to be LGBTQ+ in canon."
1501,Representations of non-conventional or marginalized sexual practices in fanfiction.
1502,"Slang term referring to a fan's primary ""ship"" or preferred relationship within a fandom."
1503,"A media trope (commonly used in fanfiction and fanart) in which one or more characters switch binary sexes (e.g., a cisgender man transforms into a cisgender woman), often temporarily."
1504,"Location and arrangement of fat on the body, typically increasing during puberty as a secondary sex characteristic. "
1505,"The experiences involved in adoptive parenting, as experienced by LGBTQ+ people."
1506,"The experiences involved in foster parenting, as experienced by LGBTQ+ people."
1507,"People who act as a father to one or more LGBTQ+ person. For fathers who are themselves LGBTQ+, use the term ""LGBTQ+ fathers."""
1508,"Fatherhood experiences, as experienced by LGBTQ+ people."
1509,People who assume the role of father to asexual people. Only use to describe individuals who identify as fathers.
1510,People who assume the role of father to bisexual people. Only use to describe individuals who identify as fathers.
1511,People who assume the role of father to gay men. Only use to describe individuals who identify as fathers.
1512,People who assume the role of father to intersex people. Only use to describe individuals who identify as fathers.
1513,People who assume the role of father to lesbians. Only use to describe individuals who identify as fathers.
1514,People who assume the role of father to transgender people. Only use to describe individuals who identify as fathers.
1515,People who assume the role of father to queer people. Only use to describe individuals who identify as fathers.
1516,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Fe went to the Homosaurus website. I watched fem browse the Homosaurus. Fe uses the Homosaurus femself.
1517,"Sexual stimulation or sexual practices involving penises or phallic objects (e.g., dildos)."
1518,A term used to describe the depiction of women in media and the arts as subjects with agency and whose perspective a text may be presented from. Often used in contrast to the male gaze.
1519,"The extension of feminism into theoretical, fictional, or philosophical discourse, often seeking to understand the nature of gender inequity."
1520,"A term used to describe the ways LGBTQ+ people create and engage with media and art, in contrast to the male gaze, female gaze, or straight gaze."
1521,Refers to any type of medical treatment that intentionally leaves an individual sterile or unable to reproduce. This term encompasses both voluntary and involuntary sterilization.
1522,
1523,
1524,Period of women's rights activism in the 19th and early 20th centuries that was primarily focused on legal rights such as women's right to vote.
1525,"A form of feminism that prioritizes the experiences of heterosexual women and focuses on securing equitable economic, political, and social rights for heterosexual women. Often discussed in juxtaposition to political lesbianism."
1526,"A cultural movement and critical perspective that arose in the 1970s and 1980s primarily in North America and Western Europe as a result of dissatisfaction with the women's liberation movement and the gay liberation movement. Lesbian feminism encourages women to focus their efforts, activities, and relationships toward other women rather than men, often advocating for lesbianism as the logical result of feminism."
1527,Perspective within feminism that calls for a radical reordering of society in which male supremacy is eliminated in all social and economic contexts.
1528,Period of feminist political activity (also referred to as women’s liberation) beginning in the early 1960s that critiqued male-dominated institutions and cultural practices in society.
1529,Term used to describe (and criticize) forms of feminism that focus on the needs of white women at the expense of women of color.
1530,"As defined by Emi Koyama, transfeminism is a movement by and for trans woman who view the liberation of trans women as essential to the liberation of all women."
1531,"Period of feminist political activity beginning in the early 1990s that embraced diversity and individualism in women and sought to redefine what it meant to be a feminist. The third wave is characterized by the emergence of new feminist movements and theories such as intersectionality, sex positivity, ecofeminism, transfeminism, and postmodern feminism."
1532,"A way of spelling ""women"" that is used in certain feminist circles. First used by George P. Krapp (1872-1934) and then appeared in 19th century Black American English renderings before being used by feminists in the 20th century.
"
1533,"Social and political movement originating in the 1800s for reforms on women’s issues stemming from social, cultural, political, and economic inequality between men and women. Feminist issues include reproductive rights, women’s liberation, and equal pay. This term encompasses the women’s movement in its entirety, including different waves of feminist thought and activism."
1534,"The state of equal ease of access to resources and opportunities regardless of gender, including economic participation and decision-making, as well as the state of valuing different behaviors, aspirations, and needs equally, regardless of gender."
1535,"A term used to describe the sexualized and objectified depiction of women in media and the arts from the perspective of and for the pleasure of the heterosexual man/male viewer. Originally used solely to describe the heterosexual, cisgender gaze but has since been expanded."
1536,"People who support and advocate for defining, establishing, and defending equal political, economic, and social rights and opportunities for women. "
1537,"Women who seek the right to vote, often through organized protest; typically used to describe members of political movements in the late 1800s and early 1900s focusing on women’s right to vote in the U.S. and Britain."
1538,Any of various surgical procedures undertaken to feminize the voice.
1539,Sound produced by the larynx and vocal tract that is used for communication and expression.
1540,Any of various surgical procedures undertaken to masculinize the voice.
1541,Any non-surgical technique used to make the human voice sound either more feminine or masculine.
1542,Lesbians whose appearance or mannerisms are more traditionally feminine.
1543,"In Italy, this is a Neapolitan term for homosexual men with feminine gender expression. Often considered a third gender; associated with good luck."
1544,"A genre of fanworks in which two or more women are placed in a sexual or romantic situation with one another. Works of femslash are commonly erotic or pornographic. In recognition of the fact that the term ""slash"" has recently been broadened to include LGBTQ+ relationships other than those between two men, slash terms (e.g., Slash art, Slash roleplay, Slash vidding) should be used to describe specific types of femslash."
1545,"A genre of fanworks in which two or more characters of the same sex or gender are placed in sexual or romantic situations with one another. Slash fanworks are commonly erotic or pornographic. While the term ""slash"" has historically been used for male/male couples only, it has been recently been broadened to include LGBTQ+ relationships other than those between two men."
1546,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on lesbian characters or themes.
1547,A genre focusing on the romantic or sexual relationships between female characters from anime and manga.
1548,Sexual acts or fetishes involving urine or urination; not to be confused with aquatic sports.
1549,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Fey went to the Homosaurus website. I watched fem browse the Homosaurus. Fey uses the Homosaurus femself.
1550,
1551,Lightweight whips or scourges with multiple lashes that are used on oneself or a partner to increase sexual arousal.
1552,"People with follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) insensitivity have a genetic variation where their bodies do not respond to FSH. People with XX chromosomes and FSH insensitivity will usually be born with a vulva, vagina, and ovaries. Their ovaries may produce lower amounts of estrogen than is considered typical, and they may not produce fertile follicles (eggs). In adolescence, they may not develop secondary sex characteristics associated with a typical estrogen puberty and may not menstruate. People with XY chromosomes and FSH insensitivity may develop smaller-than-typical testes, may produce fewer sperm than usual, and may not be fertile."
1553,A person or family unit who takes in and cares for a child or children on behalf of the state. 
1554,"People with Fraser syndrome are usually born with differences in the development of their eyelids, fingers, and toes. They may also have variations in their sex characteristics, such as a larger-than-typical clitoris or undescended testes. They may develop without one or both kidneys, and other parts of the urinary system can additionally be affected."
1555,A symbol designed by David Spada that consists of six aluminum rings in colors based on the rainbow flag; typically worn as jewelry.
1556,"Characters, signs, or objects used to represent LGBTQ+ people, identities, communities, and/or specific historical events."
1557,A historical term for lesbians. Only use in a historical context.
1558,Connections based on affection and trust between two or more girls.
1559,Connections based on affection and trust between two or more men.
1560,"Very close but non-sexual relationships between friends, often involving a degree of physical closeness beyond that which is common in modern Western societies; this may include, for example, friends holding hands, cuddling, kissing, and/or sharing a bed."
1561,Connections based on affection and trust between two or more women.
1562,"Non-penetrative sex act in which individuals rub parts of their body (usually the genitals) against another person's body. Not to be confused with ""frotteurism"" (nonconsensual frottage), though both are often abbreviated as ""frot."""
1563,"Typically, a sexual activity in which two women rub their genitalia against one 
another while intertwining their legs."
1564,People who transition from female to unknown or not female.
1565,People who transition from male to unknown or not male.
1566,"A steroid hormone that is produced in the testes, ovaries, and adrenal cortex. Testosterone is commonly utilized in masculinizing hormone therapy regimens for certain secondary sexual characteristics, such as increased muscle mass and growth of body hair."
1567,"Japanese term for people who do not fit within the categories of man or woman; includes individuals born intersex, female, or male, and is often abbreviated using FTX, MTX, or XTX to describe individuals' transitions; some definitions equate the term to genderqueer or beyond the binary identities."
1568,Two friends who regularly have sex with one another but are not committed to a romantic relationship.
1569,LGBTQ+ people engaging in sexual or romantic relationships with other people; typically used to describe people who are not married.
1570,"Slang term for the act of having sex, typically with another person."
1571,"Term used to describe sexual activity between two or more people, typically involving penetration. "
1572,"Japanese word that literally translates to ""rotten girl"" and is used to describe young women who enjoy media or fanworks focused on romantic or sexual relationships between men. Some fans self-identify as fujoshis, typically as a form of playful self-deprecation, but it can also be considered derogatory."
1573,"Individuals who are interested in anthropomorphized animals, as well as fiction and artwork featuring anthropomorphized animals. Many furries identify with anthropomorphized animal versions of themselves, which are called fursonas."
1574,Slang term used by members of the furry fandom to describe the act of sex.
1575,"Anthropomorphized animal versions of people. Fursonas, which are created by members of the furry fandom, are not necessarily animals with fur; they can also be reptiles, birds, or fictional animals, for example."
1576,A term originating in Ancient Rome that describes eunuch priestesses who were voluntarily castrated as part of an annual celebration.
1577,Asexual people who belong to or are descended from those native to Garhwal in Uttarakhand and who speak Garhwali.
1578,LGBTQ+ people who belong to or are descended from those native to Garhwal in Uttarakhand and who speak Garhwali.
1579,Bisexual people who belong to or are descended from the people native to Garhwal in Uttarakhand and who speak Garhwali.
1580,Gay men who belong to or are descended from the people native to Garhwal in Uttarakhand and who speak Garhwali.
1581,Intersex people who belong to or are descended from those native to Garhwal in Uttarakhand and who speak Garhwali.
1582,Lesbians who belong to or are descended from the people native to Garhwal in Uttarakhand and who speak Garhwali.
1583,Queer people who belong to or are descended from the people native to Garhwal in Uttarakhand and who speak Garhwali.
1584,Transgender people who belong to or are descended from the people native to Garhwal in Uttarakhand and who speak Garhwali.
1585,Direct action and organizing to achieve political or social change and acceptance for gay men.
1586,Gay men working to bring about political or social change through public organizing.
1587,Collections of records and materials relating to gay men or gay communities; can include a variety of organizations and institutions from community to government archives.
1588,"Umbrella term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by gay artists or about gay topics and communities. Use a more specific term if possible.
"
1589,"Erotic art, created by gay artists, depicting gay people, or that are regarded as important within gay culture."
1590,Artists who are known to be gay men.
1591,Gay men who are atheists.
1592,Professional or amateur/recreational sports players who self-identify as gay men.
1593,Groups of gay men formed for the purpose of playing sports; includes professional and amateur sports clubs.
1594,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on gay characters or themes.
1595,"Literary work, typically written in verse, that focuses on gay characters, themes, or identity."
1596,"Written literary works about gay men, gay characters, or gay themes."
1597,Gay men who are autistic.
1598,Written accounts of the lives of gay men.
1599,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by greyromantic authors.				
1600,Beaches set aside for use by gay men or beaches known to be frequented by gay men.
1601,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by greyromantic authors.				
1602,Gay men with significant or total loss of vision.
1603,Gay men who are disabled.
1604,Bookshops that sell materials intended for use by gay men or addressing topics related to gay men.
1605,Characters in creative works who are gay men.
1606,Gay people who have not yet reached the age of adolescence.
1607,Term used to describe the sexual identity of men and mascs who are sexually and/or romantically attracted to other men and mascs. Do not use as a broader term for LGBTQ+ people.
1608,Gay men who are Buddhist.
1609,Organized groups of gay men who sing together.
1610,Organized groups of LGBTQ+ people who sing together.
1611,Organized groups of lesbians who sing together.
1612,Gay men who are Christian.
1613,"Term that encompasses gay filmmaking, the gay film industry, and film as an art form within gay culture. For specific movies created by or representing gay men, use the term ""Gay films."""
1614,"Term that encompasses LGBTQ+ filmmaking, the LGBTQ+ film industry, and film as an art form within LGBTQ+ culture. For specific movies created by or representing LGBTQ+ people, use the term ""LGBTQ+ films."""
1615,"Motion pictures, or movies, created by gay directors, depicting gay men, or that are regarded as important within gay culture."
1616,Gay men who are ordained as priests in different denominations of the Christian Church.
1617,"Gay people who seek to entertain an audience by making them laugh, through jokes, slapstick, employing prop comedy, or other amusing means."
1618,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on gay characters or themes.
1619,"Spaces in which people from gay communities meet for social, education, recreational, or organizing activities."
1620,Umbrella term for activism focused on the rights of gay men and issues faced by gay communities.
1621,Partnerships in which both people are gay men.
1622,"U.S. slang term for young gay men who are typically small in stature, hairless, and considered effeminate."
1623,Gay men with significant or total hearing loss. Some but not all Deaf people prefer to capitalize Deaf in recognition of the cultural and linguistic identity they share with other Deaf people.
1624,Gay men with significant or total hearing loss who may or may not consider themselves d/Deaf.
1625,Gay men who have long-term health conditions that require continued medical attention and/or significantly impact or limit daily life; some but not all people with chronic illnesses consider themselves disabled.
1626,Nightlife entertainment venues or clubs where people dance to recorded music; use in reference to discos that primarily cater to gay men.
1627,"Nighttime social activities and entertainment catering to LGBTQ+ people, often located at bars and clubs."
1628,"Erotic films or movies, created by gay directors, depicting gay people, or that are regarded as important within gay culture."
1629,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring gay men.
1630,Literary works with erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on gay characters or themes.
1631,Written works that include magical or fantastical elements; use in reference to fantasy fiction focusing on gay characters or themes.
1632,Gay men who are fathers.
1633,"Male or female actors, pornographic stars, or sex workers who identify as heterosexual but who are paid to act or perform as if they are homosexual."
1634,
1635,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning gay men, or men who might be perceived as gay if they were alive today."
1636,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on gay characters or themes."
1637,"Institutions providing education, support, and information about gay men and gay communities to gay men."
1638,"Movement of the late 1960s and early to mid 1970s that urged lesbians and gay men to “come out"" and publicly reveal their sexuality to family, friends, and colleagues as a form of activism and as a means of countering shame with pride."
1639,Forms of social interaction that occur repeatedly; use to describe the ways in which LGBTQ+ people interact and establish social relationships.
1640,Liberation movement that began in the 1970s to direct more attention to lesbian and feminist issues within the larger gay liberation movement and in national discourse.
1641,Umbrella term for activism focused on the rights of lesbians and issues faced by lesbian communities.
1642,Term used to describe efforts to obtain LGBTQ+ political rights or equality.
1643,"The series of spontaneous demonstrations and protests against the police raid that took place on June 28, 1969 at the Stonewall Inn in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of New York City."
1644,Libraries that hold materials primarily pertaining to gay men or intended for use by gay men.
1645,"Gay men who are advanced in age, typically over 60 years of age."
1646,"Connections between individuals and communities of lesbians and gay men, including historic and ongoing solidarity, advocacy, and activism."
1647,"People who act as parents to one or more gay man. For parents who are themselves gay, use the term ""Gay parents."""
1648,Systematic mistreatment of gay men on the basis of their sexual identity.
1649,"Term used before the 1960s to describe gay men who worked aboard ships, mainly merchant vessels."
1650,The participation and inclusion of men in fan communities.
1651,Gay men serving in state and national armed forces.
1652,"The presence of gay men in the workplace, including acceptance of and issues faced by gay workers."
1653,Gay men who use wheelchairs.
1654,Gay men who are mothers. This includes trans men who had children before transitioning and still identify as mothers to those children. Do not use to describe gay parents unless they self-identify as mothers.
1655,Organized groups centered on political change and action for gay rights that may or may not be aligned with major political parties.
1656,Organized groups of gay workers who are united to make decisions relating to the conditions affecting their labor.
1657,"Newspapers, magazines, or other publishing outlets aimed at gay audiences and/or operated by gay men."
1658,Auditory content broadcast on the radio (analog or digital) about gay men and gay issues.
1659,Television shows featuring gay men or themes.
1660,"Institutions dedicated to the storage, exhibition, conservation, and preservation of materials relating to gay men or gay history."
1661,Gay men who are Muslim.
1662,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on gay characters or themes.
1663,"Gay men whose brains process, learn, and/or behave differently from what is considered typical by society. Some of these neurological differences can present as learning disabilities, medical disorders, and other conditions."
1664,"Serialized print or digital periodicals created by or for gay men, often with the purpose of sharing news and information related to gay communities and issues."
1665,"Serialized print or digital publications about gay men or gay issues (and typically produced by gay men or gay organizations) that contain news, articles, columns, correspondence, and advertisements."
1666,"Operas created by gay directors, depicting gay men, or that are regarded as important within gay culture."
1667,"Gay men who are members of polytheistic religions or other religions outside of the dominant culture that typically incorporate nature worship and/or the sacred feminine, such as Wicca, Druidry, Heathenry, etc. Use to describe gay men who self-identify as Pagan."
1668,Gay men who practice Wicca or other Pagan religions and self-identify as witches.
1669,"Gay men who are the romantic, sexual, or play partners of another person or people."
1670,Organized groups centered on political change and action for lesbian rights; may include advocating for lesbianism as a political and feminist choice against sexism.
1671,"Gay men or mascs who are candidates for public office, are currently holding public office, or have held political positions. Politicians can be elected by public election or otherwise appointed."
1672,"Events celebrating LGBTQ+ social and self acceptance, achievements, and rights, usually organized over the course of a week with local events, parades, marches, and rallies. Occurs at different times during the year in different places, but is typically held in June to commemorate the Stonewall uprising."
1673,"Movement within queer communities that is described as a radical alternative to gay culture being brought into the mainstream; directly posits an alternative view of gay pride events and activities that rejects increasing commercialization, corporate sponsors, and ""safer"" agendas to avoid offending heterosexual supporters and sponsors."
1674,"Primarily Canadian and U.S. American movement wherein police officers were banned from LGBTQ+ pride events in some locations, due to historical and contemporary mistreatment of LGBTQ+ persons, especially Black and Indigenous LGBTQ+ persons. In recent years acted as a response to the 2010-2017 Toronto serial homicides and the mishandling of the investigation by the Toronto Police Service."
1675,
1676,
1677,
1678,Gay men who are members of the Protestant Church.
1679,Companies and organizations that publish materials for gay communities or addressing gay issues.
1680,"Legal, social, or ethical principles of freedom or entitlement held by gay men."
1681,Gay men who are members of the Roman Catholic Church.
1682,Written literary work focusing on romantic relationships and love between people; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on gay characters or themes.
1683,Commercial saunas or bathhouses intended for gay men to meet and engage in sexual activities.
1684,"Police raids on LGBTQ+-affiliated or -related bathhouses, saunas, spas, etc."
1685,"Written literary works about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on gay characters or themes."
1686,"A way of reading and looking at cultural texts (books, movies, television, magazines, etc.) through a gay lens, often including the appropriation of texts otherwise thought of as heterosexual."
1687,"A way of reading and looking at cultural texts (books, movies, television, magazines, etc.) through a lesbian lens, often including the appropriation of texts otherwise thought of as heterosexual."
1688,Widespread disapproval of a group of people or set of behaviors based on preconceived ideas.
1689,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on gay characters or themes.
1690,Sons who identify as gay men.
1691,Organized groups of LGBTQ+ people formed for the purpose of playing sports; includes professional and amateur sports clubs.
1692,"Gay men who have experienced and survived bullying due to their sexual identity; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1693,"Gay men who have experienced and survived hate crimes; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1694,"Gay men who have experienced hate crimes and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1695,"Gay men who have experienced and survived rape; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1696,"Gay men who have experienced rape and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1697,"Gay men who have experienced and survived sexual abuse; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1698,"Gay men who have experienced sexual abuse and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1699,"Gay men who have experienced and survived war; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1700,"Gay men who have experienced war and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1701,"Works in the performance arts that focus on gay characters, communities, or issues."
1702,Groups of theatrical performers comprised of gay men; may focus on performing works written by gay men or about gay issues.
1703,"Works in the performance arts that focus on lesbian characters, lesbian communities, or lesbian issues."
1704,Works of drama consisting primarily of dialogue between characters and intended for theatrical performance; use in reference to plays focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes.
1705,Films or theatrical productions in which singing and/or dancing are essential elements.
1706,Groups of theatrical performers comprised of lesbians; may focus on performing works by lesbians or about lesbian issues.
1707,Organized groups of lesbian workers who are united to make decisions relating to the conditions affecting their labor.
1708,"Gay men who have experienced bullying due to their sexual identity and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1709,"Gay men's legal rights to be informed, present, and heard within the criminal justice system after having been harmed or injured as the result of of a crime, accident, or other event."
1710,Term describing a person's intuitive ability to identify others' sexual orientations.
1711,"Gender expression that does not conform to a single, distinct gender identity."
1712,"The culturally specific rights, responsibilities, and connections afforded to individuals or communities of one gender by individuals or communities of another gender."
1713,"Physical, legal, cultural, or rhetorical separation of people according to their gender."
1714,"Behaviors, acts, or forms of expression that contradict or do not conform to a given culture's norms surrounding gender."
1715,The systematic killing of members of a specific gender for their gender.
1716,The systematic belief that there are only two genders (men and women) and that individuals must conform to the gender they were assigned at or shortly after birth.
1717,A surgically constructed penis; typically made using tissue grafts from other parts of the body.
1718,The medical status of individuals who do not plan to undertake a surgical procedure. Commonly used to describe trans people who have not and do not plan to undertake gender affirming surgery.
1719,Individuals who have recently undergone a surgical operation; commonly used to describe trans people who have undergone gender affirming surgery.
1720,The medical status of individuals who plan to undertake a surgical procedure but have not yet done so. Commonly used to describe trans people who have not yet undergone gender affirming surgery but plan to do so.
1721,"A psychological diagnosis (replacing the outdated and offensive ""gender identity disorder"") used to describe the sense of unease or dissatisfaction an individual feels as a result of incongruence between their gender identity and their assigned gender, gender expression, and/or the way their gender is perceived by others. This term is also used colloquially by individuals to describe the discomfort and distress they experience as a result of this incongruence. Though gender dysphoria is often associated with trans people, people of any identity may experience gender dysphoria when they do not feel ""right"" in their body or the way their gender is being expressed."
1722,"The powerful feeling of joy and comfort an individual experiences when their assigned gender, gender expression, and/or the way their gender is perceived by themselves and others aligns with their gender identity. Though gender euphoria is often associated with trans people, people of any identity may experience gender euphoria when they feel that their gender has been seen and affirmed, or when they feel ""right"" in their body and the way their gender is being expressed."
1723,"Widely held but oversimplified and often offensive ideas regarding gender roles, which are socially-determined rules or standards for gendered behaviors. Use the term ""Gender roles"" to describe gender roles as a whole, rather than stereotypes related to them."
1724,Gender expression that involves blending dress and behaviors associated with different genders. Do not use to describe the identities of genderqueer or non-binary people.
1725,"People who identify outside, transgress, or do not conform to a given culture's gender roles or expectations. Only use in reference to people who self-identity as gender non-conforming. Do not use to describe cisgender people whose dress or behaviors do not conform to gender roles or expectations."
1726,Non-binary people who have not yet reached the age of adolescence.
1727,"A psychological diagnosis (replacing the outdated and offensive ""gender identity disorder"") used to describe the sense of unease or dissatisfaction an individual feels as a result of incongruence between their gender identity and their assigned gender, gender expression, and/or the way their gender is perceived by others. This term is also used colloquially by individuals to describe the discomfort and distress they experience as a result of this incongruence. Though gender dysphoria is often associated with trans people, people of any identity may experience gender dysphoria when they do not feel ""right"" in their body or the way their gender is being expressed. Use this particular term for works about children who experience or have experienced gender dysphoria."
1728,"A psychological diagnosis (replacing the outdated and offensive ""gender identity disorder"") used to describe the sense of unease or dissatisfaction an individual feels as a result of incongruence between their gender identity and their assigned gender, gender expression, and/or the way their gender is perceived by others. This term is also used colloquially by individuals to describe the discomfort and distress they experience as a result of this incongruence. Though gender dysphoria is often associated with trans people, people of any identity may experience gender dysphoria when they do not feel ""right"" in their body or the way their gender is being expressed. Use this particular term for works about adolescents (people between the ages of childhood and adulthood) who experience or have experience gender dysphoria."
1729,An obsolete psychological diagnosis that medicalizes trans identities and practices; only use in historical contexts.
1730,"Moral, social, and legal standards or principles for human behavior, commonly understood as fundamental to all human beings and subject to legal protection."
1731,Padding or phallic objects designed to be worn in the front of an individual's pants or underwear to give the appearance of having a bulge.
1732,The act of wearing padding or a phallic object in the front of the pants or underwear to give the appearance of having a bulge.
1733,Slang term describing various methods used to visually conceal the penis to give a flatter appearance in clothing.
1734,"The process of removing hair from the body through shaving, waxing, depilatories, laser hair removal, etc. May have a social component related to gender identity and/or have an erotic component."
1735,"A form of gender expression that seeks to subvert the gender binary or gender roles by mixing and messing with (or ""fucking with"") traditionally masculine and feminine components. Typically used to describe gender practices and presentation, though some people identify as ""genderfuck"" or as ""genderfuckers."" Only use to describe people and the practices of people who self-identify with genderfuck."
1736,"Non-binary gender identity that is not defined in relation to human understandings of gender (i.e., female or male, woman or man), but instead in relation to animals, plants, or other things"
1737,Gender identity that does not conform to the gender binary and emphasizes alignment with queer politics.
1738,Gender identity that encompasses multiple or all genders.
1739,Identity term used to describe the intersection of trans identity and genderqueer identity.
1740,"Gender identity including three genders, typically male, female, and a third (often non-binary) gender."
1741,Identity term used to describe people who cross or transgress the  gender they were assigned at birth.
1742,Gender identity that exists outside of the gender binary; may be used as a specific gender identity or as an umbrella term in the Euro-American gender system for gender identities outside of the gender binary.
1743,"A person who identifies their gender in relation to non-human understandings of gender and relates to animals, plants, or other things."
1744,"Umbrella term used to describe individuals who ""trans"" gender regardless of their identification; sometimes used as a way to historicize non-binary identities."
1745,Issues and discussions about the presence of homophobia in fan spaces and works.
1746,Issues and discussions about the presence of misogyny in fan spaces and works.
1747,The participation and inclusion of transgender people in fan communities.
1748,The participation and inclusion of women in fan communities.
1749,The participation and inclusion of non-binary people in fan communities.
1750,Issues and discussions about the presence of transphobia in fan spaces and works.
1751,The participation and inclusion of intersex people in fan communities.
1752,The participation and inclusion of Two-Spirit people in fan communities.
1753,"Official documentation issued by a government that certifies the holder’s identity and citizenship, entitling them to travel under to and from other countries."
1754,"Someone who is both trans and genderqueer and who identifies as transgenderqueer.
"
1755,"Individuals who self-identify as genderqueer, an umbrella term for queer or non-normative gender identities and gender expressions."
1756,People who identify as multiple or all genders.
1757,"People whose gender continually moves between or among three gender identities, typically male, female, and a third gender."
1758,"Ideological, social, cultural, and physical separation between men and women or between lesbians and heterosexual women."
1759,"Term originating in the early 1930s and 40s to describe a man's responsibility and pride in providing for, protecting, and defending his family. It is unclear whether the term originates in Spain or Portugal. Though there are positive sides of machismo and it remains an important part of Iberian and Latin American cultures, the concept has also been criticized for its perceived role in perpetuating misogyny, harmful gender roles, and domestic and sexual violence."
1760,"Academic field of research and study about Two-Spirit people, Two-Spirit identity, and Two-Spirit communities."
1761,"Academic field of research and study about intersex people, intersex identity, and intersex communities."
1762,The fandom trope in which cisgender men can become pregnant. This term should not be used to describe pregnant trans men.
1763,"Language that avoids the use of gender-specific words, either to be inclusive of nonbinary, agender, and other gender diverse peoples, or to avoid gender bias."
1764,"Discrimination, prejudice, or bias directed against a particular sex or gender based on the assumption that this sex or gender is intrinsically inferior to another."
1765,External genitalia surrounding the vagina.
1766,Girls (typically children or youth younger than 18) who are heterosexual.
1767,Girls (typically children younger than 18) who are lesbians.
1768,Intersex practitioners of Wicca or other Pagan religions who self-identify as witches.
1769,Lesbians who practice Wicca or other Pagan religions and self-identify as witches.
1770,Queer practitioners of Wicca or other Pagan religions who self-identify as witches.
1771,Transgender practitioners of Wicca or other Pagan religions who self-identify as witches.
1772,A term that refers to a group of different variations that affect the development of the gonads before birth.
1773,"People with mixed gonadal dysgenesis are born with a mosaic (usually 45X/46XY) chromosome pattern and may develop some gonadal streak tissue and testicular tissue. They may be born with a vulva or penis, or with visible genital variations. They usually have a partially or completely developed uterus, and they may have combinations of internal reproductive structures such as a fallopian tube and a vas deferens on opposite sides of the body. In adolescence, people with mixed gonadal dysgenesis may develop some secondary sex characteristics associated with a typical testosterone puberty, depending on the amount of hormone-producing testicular tissue they have."
1774,"A general term used to describe testes, ovaries, or ovotestes."
1775,Minimally developed gonadal tissue that is present in place of either testes or ovaries. Streak gonads are more common in certain intersex variations such as Swyer syndrome.
1776,"People who have one or more LGBTQ+ grandparent. For grandchildren who are themselves LGBTQ+, use the term ""LGBTQ+ grandchildren."""
1777,LGBTQ+ people who are grandchildren.
1778,"People who have one or more LGBTQ+ grandchild. For grandparents who are themselves LGBTQ+, use the term ""LGBTQ+ grandparents."""
1779,LGBTQ+ people who are grandparents.
1780,"Literary works, typically written in verse, that focus on greyromantic characters, themes, or identity.				"
1781,"Written literary works about greyromanticism, greyromantic characters, or greyromantic themes.				"
1782,Written accounts of the lives of individuals known to be lesbians.
1783,Written accounts of the lives of individuals known to be queer.
1784,Written accounts of the lives of individuals known to be transgender.
1785,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on greyromantic characters or themes.				
1786,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on greyromantic characters or themes.				
1787,"Works in the performance arts that focus on greyromantic characters, communities, or issues.				"
1788,Literary works with erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on gay characters or themes.				
1789,Written works that include magical or fantastical elements; use in reference to fantasy fiction focusing on lesbian characters or themes.				
1790,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning greyromantic people, or people who might be perceived as greyromantic if they were alive today.				"
1791,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes.				"
1792,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on greyromantic characters or themes.				
1793,"Individuals who experience rare, infrequent, or low-intensity romantic attraction."
1794,"An umbrella term for romantic orientations generally characterized by rare, infrequent, or low-intensity romantic attraction."
1795,"People who experience infrequent, rare, or low-intensity sexual attraction."
1796,Written literary work focusing on romantic relationships and love between people; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on greyromantic characters or themes.				
1797,"Written literary works about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on greyromantic characters or themes.				"
1798,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on greyromantic characters or themes.				
1799,"Greyromantic people between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
"
1800,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on greyromantic characters or themes.				"
1801,"A sexual orientation generally characterized by infrequent, rare, or low-intensity sexual attraction."
1802,"The original name for AIDS, proposed after public health scientists noticed clusters of Kaposi's sarcoma and Pneumocystis pneumonia among gay men in California and New York City. Should only be used in historical contexts."
1803,"In the Dominican Republic, this term refers to people who have undifferentiated genitalia and who are generally raised as female until puberty; may be considered a third gender."
1804,Asexual people who reside in or are descended from those indigenous to the Indian state of Gujarat.
1805,LGBTQ+ people who reside in or are descended from those indigenous to the Indian state of Gujarat.
1806,Bisexual people who reside in or are descended from those indigenous to the Indian state of Gujarat.
1807,Gay men who reside in or are descended from those indigenous to the Indian state of Gujarat.
1808,Intersex people who reside in or are descended from those indigenous to the Indian state of Gujarat.
1809,Lesbians who reside in or are descended from those indigenous to the Indian state of Gujarat.
1810,Queer people who reside in or are descended from those indigenous to the Indian state of Gujarat.
1811,Transgender people who reside in or are descended from those indigenous to the Indian state of Gujarat.
1812,"Treatment that involves the use of three or more drugs in combination to treat HIV infection by preventing the virus from making copies of itself in the body; can lessen the damage to the immune system caused by HIV, slow down the development of AIDS, and prevent the transmission of HIV to others."
1813,Threadlike strands of keratin growing out of the skin on the body. Use in reference to hair as a secondary sex characteristic or as a form of self expression.
1814,LGBTQ+ people who have siblings.
1815,A restraint device designed to secure an individual’s wrists.
1816,Purposeful subtextual coding of a character or relationship in a piece of media as queer. Queer coding is distinct from the practice of queerbaiting in that the queer codes are intentionally present rather than falsely implied and are not typically used as a marketing tactic.
1817,
1818,A term used in the swinging community to describe a type of partner swapping in which sexual activities happen in different spaces or rooms where partners may not necessarily be in sight of each other.
1819,A term used in the swinging community to describe a type of partner swap in which sexual activities happen in the same shared space so that all partners are within sight of one another.
1820,Asexual people who are indigenous to or descended from those indigenous to what is now the Indian state of Haryana. This term can also apply to those who currently reside in Haryana.
1821,LGBTQ+ people who are indigenous to or descended from those indigenous to what is now the Indian state of Haryana. This term can also apply to those who currently reside in Haryana.
1822,Bisexual people who are indigenous to or descended from those indigenous to what is now the Indian state of Haryana. This term can also apply to those who currently reside in Haryana.
1823,Gay men who are indigenous to or descended from those indigenous to what is now the Indian state of Haryana. This term can also apply to those who currently reside in Haryana.
1824,Intersex people who are indigenous to or descended from those indigenous to what is now the Indian state of Haryana. This term can also apply to those who currently reside in Haryana.
1825,Lesbians who are indigenous to or descended from those indigenous to what is now the Indian state of Haryana. This term can also apply to those who currently reside in Haryana.
1826,Transgender people who are indigenous to or descended from those indigenous to what is now the Indian state of Haryana. This term can also apply to those who currently reside in Haryana.
1827,Queer people who are indigenous to or descended from those indigenous to what is now the Indian state of Haryana. This term can also apply to those who currently reside in Haryana.
1828,"Any form of expression (written or verbal) with the intention to vilify, humiliate, or incite hatred against a individual or group of people on the basis of their actual or perceived race, religion, nationality, sexual identity, gender identity, or ability status."
1829,"Publication and dissemination of false statements about LGBTQ+ people, groups, or communities in order to harm their reputations."
1830,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: He went to the Homosaurus website. I watched him browse the Homosaurus. He uses the Homosaurus himself.
1831,"Organized measures taken for the maintenance, treatment, or improvement of physical health or conditions of the body; use in reference to physical health care addressing the particular needs of LGBTQ+ individuals or communities."
1832,Institutions providing health services for LGBTQ+ people.
1833,"Cheyenne term for a half-man, half-woman persona."
1834,A genre of anime and manga characterized by explicit sexual content; can also include hentai video games.
1835,"The use of plants to improve health, prevent disease, and/or treat illness."
1836,Individuals who have not undergone hormone treatment; typically used to describe trans people who have not undergone and/or do not plan to undergo hormone treatment.
1837,"A term originating from Greek mythology that refers to beings that are both fully female and fully male. The term was once adopted in the medical realm to describe people with intersex variations generally (and later to describe someone with both ovarian and testicular tissue specifically), but it is now recognized to be stigmatizing, imprecise, and misleading. Many people in the intersex community consider the use of this term to be pathologizing and deeply offensive, while other intersex people have chosen to reclaim the term to describe themselves and their bodies. Do not use this term to describe an individual unless they explicitly identify with it and have chosen to use it."
1838,The notion or belief that heterosexuality is the normal or preferred sexual orientation.
1839,"The projection of heteronormative ideals and constructs onto LGBTQ+ cultures and identities, predicated on the assumption that LGBTQ+ people (particularly cisgender gay men and lesbians) must conform to the norms and values of heterosexuality (e.g., the gender binary, marriage, procreation, and monogamy) in order to be viewed as ""normal"" and gain social acceptance. "
1840,"Social processes through which ideas, characteristics, and behaviors come to be seen as ""normal"" or ""natural"" and accepted as such."
1841,"Romantic and sexual attraction to members of the opposite sex or gender, typically in a culture that understands sex and gender through the binary opposition of male/female or man/woman."
1842,Heterosexual people between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
1843,Term used to describe the sexual identity of individuals who are romantically and/or sexually attracted to people assigned the “opposite” sex at birth.
1844,The legally and formally recognized union of a heterosexual man and woman as partners in a personal relationship.
1845,A sexuality that involves attraction to only one gender; includes homosexuality and heterosexuality.
1846,Individuals who are attracted to only one gender; includes gay people and straight people.
1847,"In sociology, this term is used to describe social relations and bonds between members of the opposite sex or gender in a given culture. Typically excludes romantic and sexual relationships."
1848,Term used to describe relationships that are mostly monogamous with occasional exceptions made for sexual play.
1849,"In polyamory circles, this term refers to the practice of engaging in multiple-partner relationships that are ""closed off"" to new participants per the agreement of those involved."
1850,A term used in hierarchical polyamory to refer to the partner whose interests and desires come before those of any secondary partner(s).
1851,A term used in hierarchical polyamory to refer to partners whose interests and desires come second to those of the primary partner(s).
1852,"Individuals who engage in relationships in which the dominant partner has multiple spouses, though the marriages are not typically recognized by society or law."
1853,Urdu term used in Southeast Asia to describe transgender people.
1854,A variant term for hijra used in northern India.
1855,"In South Asia, this term is used to describe people who are assigned male at birth who exhibit feminine characteristics. Please note that not all kothis identify as hijra or transgender."
1856,"In India, this term is used to describe people assigned male at birth who become genderfluid in a spiritual conversion."
1857,"A term used in Pakistan and Northern India to describe third-gender people, typically people assigned male at birth who identify as female."
1858,"Bisexual people who speak Spanish, are from Spanish-speaking countries, and/or are descended from Spanish-speaking cultures; only use for individuals who self-identify as Hispanic. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Chicano/a/x."
1859,"LGBTQ+ people who speak Spanish, are from Spanish-speaking countries, and/or are descended from Spanish-speaking cultures; only use for individuals who self-identify as Hispanic. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Chicano/a/x."
1860,"Gay men who speak Spanish, are from Spanish-speaking countries, and/or are descended from Spanish-speaking cultures; only use for individuals who self-identify as Hispanic. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Chicano/a/x."
1861,"Intersex people who speak Spanish, are from Spanish-speaking countries, and/or are descended from Spanish-speaking cultures; only use for individuals who self-identify as Hispanic. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Chicano/a/x."
1862,"Lesbians who speak Spanish, are from Spanish-speaking countries, and/or are descended from Spanish-speaking cultures; only use for individuals who self-identify as Hispanic. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Chicano/a/x."
1863,"Queer people who speak Spanish, are from Spanish-speaking countries, and/or are descended from Spanish-speaking cultures; only use for individuals who self-identify as Hispanic. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Chicano/a/x."
1864,"Transgender people who speak Spanish, are from Spanish-speaking countries, and/or are descended from Spanish-speaking cultures; only use for individuals who self-identify as Hispanic. Do not conflate with Latino/a/x or Chicano/a/x."
1865,"Medical tests used to determine the presence of HIV antibodies or antigens in an individual's blood, saliva, or urine."
1866,Individuals who have not contracted HIV.
1867,People who have contracted HIV and received treatment to reduce their HIV antibodies to an amount that can no longer be detected by standard HIV tests.
1868,The presence (seropositivity) or absence (seronegativity) of antibodies in blood serum; commonly used in in reference to HIV testing.
1869,Partnerships in which one person has HIV and the other does not.
1870,Diseases or infections that are transmitted via sexual contact or activity.
1871,A medical treatment in which a person receives laboratory-made antibodies to help fight an infection or disease.
1872,Medication taken to prevent the contraction of HIV.
1873,Term used to describe the period of time between exposure to a virus and when antibodies for the virus are detectable; often used in reference to HIV testing when a test changes from HIV negative to HIV positive.
1874,"The homoerotic fan pairing of Kirk and Spock from Star Trek: The Original Series. The Kirk/Spock fandom originated much of the terminology and practices associated with fandom today--for example, the word ""slash"" comes from the forward slash in Kirk/Spock."
1875,Favorable association between a nationalist ideology and LGBTQ+ people or their rights.
1876,"A variety of marketing and political strategies aimed at promoting products, countries, people, or entities to LGBTQ+ people or using LGBTQ+-related symbols in order to be perceived as progressive, modern, and tolerant."
1877,Outdated term for lesbians and gay men. The use of the word began to disappear with the emergence of the gay liberation movement of the late 1960s and early 1970s.
1878,"Non-reciprocal genital contact, typically fellatio, between younger and older men that takes place during initiation rituals practiced by the Sambari people of Papua New Guinea. This term was developed by Western outsiders and has been strongly criticized by the affected community."
1879,Friendship and connection between two or more male-identified people.
1880,"A period of time in a relationship characterized by passionate love as well as intense feelings of attraction and ecstasy, sometimes accompanied by idealization of a partner or the shared relationship."
1881,"A strong, almost giddy feeling of excitement and infatuation common in the beginning of a new romantic relationship. Often used in polyamory contexts."
1882,"A patient care model that gained popular usage in the 1950s. In this model, parents are used to quickly decide on a gender assignment for their intersex baby, under the assumption that the child would identify with whichever gender their parents raised them as. If a child later deviated from the assigned gender, parents were encouraged to verbally and physically ""correct"" the child and enforce gender norms. In practice, this resulted in life-altering, unnecessary genital surgeries, irreversible hormone treatments, and dishonesty on the parent's part. A patient-centered model, in which the intersex child is allowed to grow up and make their own choices regarding their gender and surgical option, is now preferred. "
1883,Medications used to block the body from producing certain hormones in order to replace or supplement them with other types of hormones.
1884,Group of medications used to inhibit puberty.
1885,The steroidogenic factor 1 (SF-1) protein is a transcription factor involved in sex determination. The SF-1 protein controls the activity of genes related to the gonads and adrenal glands.
1886,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Hu went to the Homosaurus website. I watched hum browse the Homosaurus. Hu uses the Homosaurus humself.
1887,"Legal, social, or ethical principles of freedom or entitlement held by intersex people. Often used to refer to intersex people's right to bodily autonomy and, specifically, their right to delay or decline unnecessary medical interventions."
1888,"People with hyperandrogenism have higher-than-typical levels of testosterone and/or other androgens. In people with XX chromosomes, hyperandrogenism can result in the development of secondary sex characteristics that are associated with the influence of testosterone (such as facial and body hair) to varying degrees. Hyperandrogenism may or may not be the result of an underlying intersex variation, but it is common in several variations (including CAH and PCOS). People with hyperandrogenism who aren’t intersex will nonetheless often have many experiences in common with intersex people, such as encountering exclusion and discrimination in sex-segregated contexts like sports."
1889,"People with hypogonadism produce lower-than-typical levels of hormones like testosterone and estrogen, or none at all. This can affect how a person’s secondary sex characteristics develop as well as their fertility. Hypogonadism can be a result of a difference in how someone’s brain signals for their gonads to produce (or not produce) hormones, or it can be a feature of their gonads directly. Hypogonadism is not always caused by an intersex variation, but can be related to Klinefelter syndrome, Turner syndrome, and several other variations."
1890,"People with hypospadias are born with their urinary opening located somewhere other than the tip of the penis. In ""distal hypospadias,"" the urinary opening is elsewhere on the glans (head) of the penis, whereas in ""proximal hypospadias,"" it is on the underside of the penis and sometimes further back near the scrotum. Hypospadias is one of the most common and visible genital variations. People with hypospadias often have additional variations like chordee (a bend in the penis) or cryptorchidism (undescended testicles)."
1891,A medical procedure in which the egg of one partner is fertilized with donor sperm and then transferred to the uterus of the other partner to bring to term.
1892,"The practice or policy of providing equal access and support to groups of people who might otherwise be excluded or marginalized, such as LGBTQ+ people, people of color, disabled people, etc."
1893,The practice or policy of providing equal access and support to trans people.
1894,Asexual people who were born in India or are of Indian descent. Do not conflate with the Indigenous peoples of the United States.
1895,LGBTQ+ people who were born in India or are of Indian descent. Do not conflate with the Indigenous peoples of the United States.
1896,Bisexual people who were born in India or are of Indian descent. Do not conflate with the Indigenous peoples of the United States.
1897,Gay men who were born in India or are of Indian descent. Do not conflate with the Indigenous peoples of the United States.
1898,Intersex people who were born in India or are of Indian descent. Do not conflate with the Indigenous peoples of the United States.
1899,Lesbians who were born in India or are of Indian descent. Do not conflate with the Indigenous peoples of the United States.
1900,LGBTQ+ people who belong to or are descended from the ethnolinguistic groups of South Asia.
1901,Queer people who were born in India or are of Indian descent. Do not conflate with the Indigenous peoples of the United States.
1902,Transgender people who were born in India or are of Indian descent. Do not conflate with the Indigenous peoples of the United States.
1903,"Asexual people who are part of an Indigenous people, or culturally distinct ethnic group whose members are directly descended from the earliest known inhabitants of a particular region and, to some extent, maintain the language and culture of those people. Only use to describe people who identify as Indigenous; use more specific terms whenever possible."
1904,"Asexual people who are Native American, or part of the Indigenous peoples of North America; only use for people who self-identify as both Native American and asexual."
1905,Asexual people who identify as both Pacific Islanders (or of Pacific Islander ancestry) and American.
1906,"Asexual people who are Papuan, or part of the Indigenous peoples of new Guinea; only use for people who identify as Papuan."
1907,"Asexual people who are Inuit, or part of several Indigenous peoples inhabiting the Inuit homeland in the Arctic and subarctic regions of Greenland, Canada, and Alaska. Only use for people who identify as Inuit."
1908,"Bisexual people who are part of an Indigenous people, or culturally distinct ethnic group whose members are directly descended from the earliest known inhabitants of a particular region and, to some extent, maintain the language and culture of those people. Only use to describe people who identify as Indigenous; use more specific terms whenever possible."
1909,"Gay men who are part of an Indigenous people, or culturally distinct ethnic group whose members are directly descended from the earliest known inhabitants of a particular region and, to some extent, maintain the language and culture of those people. Only use to describe people who identify as Indigenous; use more specific terms whenever possible."
1910,"Intersex people who are part of an Indigenous people, or culturally distinct ethnic group whose members are directly descended from the earliest known inhabitants of a particular region and, to some extent, maintain the language and culture of those people. Only use to describe people who identify as Indigenous; use more specific terms whenever possible."
1911,"Intersex people who are part of the Indigenous people of Mokupuni o Hawai‘i, or the Hawaiian Islands; only use to refer to people who identify as Kanaka Maoli."
1912,Intersex people who identify as both Pacific Islanders (or of Pacific Islander ancestry) and American.
1913,"Lesbians who are part of an Indigenous people, or culturally distinct ethnic group whose members are directly descended from the earliest known inhabitants of a particular region and, to some extent, maintain the language and culture of those people. Only use to describe people who identify as Indigenous; use more specific terms whenever possible."
1914,"Term used by the Māori people, or people who are part of the Indigenous Polynesian people of mainland Aotearoa (New Zealand), that was historically used to describe an ""intimate companion of the same sex."" In the 1980s, the term was reclaimed for use by lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex people, and other members of Rainbow communities. Only use to refer to individuals who identify as Takatāpui."
1915,"Queer people who are part of an Indigenous people, or culturally distinct ethnic group whose members are directly descended from the earliest known inhabitants of a particular region and, to some extent, maintain the language and culture of those people. Only use to describe people who identify as Indigenous; use more specific terms whenever possible."
1916,"Transgender people who are part of an Indigenous people, or culturally distinct ethnic group whose members are directly descended from the earliest known inhabitants of a particular region and, to some extent, maintain the language and culture of those people. Only use to describe people who identify as Indigenous; use more specific terms whenever possible."
1917,"LGBTQ+ people who are Inuit, or part of several Indigenous peoples inhabiting the Inuit homeland in the Arctic and subarctic regions of Greenland, Canada, and Alaska. Only use for people who identify as Inuit."
1918,"LGBTQ+ people who are Papuan, or part of the Indigenous peoples of new Guinea; only use for people who identify as Papuan."
1919,"LGBTQ+ people who are part of the Indigenous people of Mokupuni o Hawai‘i, or the Hawaiian Islands; only use to refer to people who identify as Kanaka Maoli."
1920,"Any of various forms of inappropriate conduct, illegal actions, or abuses of power which directly or indirectly harm Indigenous LGBTQ+ persons."
1921,"Instruction about health for LGBTQ+ people, including topics such as gender-affirming healthcare and safer sex practices. "
1922,"The phenomenon in which intersex people internalize or adopt intersexphobic beliefs (i.e., negative perceptions of and intolerance toward intersex people and intersex variations) as a result of being raised or socialized within a intersexphobic environment or culture."
1923,"The phenomenon in which lesbians internalize or adopt lesbophobic beliefs (i.e., negative perceptions of and intolerance toward lesbians and lesbianism) as a result of being raised or socialized within a lesbophobic environment or culture."
1924,"The phenomenon in which transgender people internalize or adopt transphobic beliefs (i.e., negative perceptions of and intolerance toward transgender people and trans identities) as a result of being raised or socialized within a transphobic environment or culture."
1925,"The phenomenon in which queer people internalize or adopt queerphobic beliefs (i.e., negative perceptions of and intolerance toward queer people and queerness) as a result of being raised or socialized within a queerphobic environment or culture."
1926,Websites designed to facilitate discussion amongst users through posted messages.
1927,"Websites that facilitate online conversations between LGBTQ+ people, often about LGBQ+ issues."
1928,Umbrella term for activism focused on the rights of intersex people and issues faced by intersex communities.
1929,"Used to describe the experience of selfhood of intersex people. Intersex identity is not gender identity, sexual identity, nor sexual orientation. For the subject of intersex variations, use ""intersex variations"" or ""intersex"". For the subject of intersex people, use ""intersex people"". Do not use in place of gender-identity-related terms such as non-binary identity or genderfluid identity."
1930,"Direct action and organizing to achieve political or social change, bodily autonomy, and acceptance for intersex people."
1931,Intersex people working to bring about political or social change through public organizing.
1932,Collections of records and materials relating to intersex people or intersex communities; can include a variety of organizations and institutions from community to government archives.
1933,"Term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by intersex artists or about intersex topics and communities. 
"
1934,"Erotic art, created by intersex artists, depicting intersex people, or that are regarded as important within intersex culture."
1935,Artists who are intersex
1936,Professional or amateur sports players who are intersex.
1937,Written literary works about intersex characters or themes.
1938,Intersex people who are autistic.
1939,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by intersex authors.
1940,Written accounts of the lives of individuals known to be intersex.
1941,Intersex people with significant or total loss of vision.
1942,Intersex people who are disabled.
1943,Children younger than 18 years who describe themselves as intersex.
1944,"Intersex people who seek to entertain an audience by making them laugh, through jokes, slapstick, employing prop comedy, or other amusing means."
1945,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on intersexual characters or themes.
1946,Groups of people who share the experience of being intersex.
1947,Intersex people with significant or total hearing loss. Some but not all Deaf people prefer to capitalize Deaf in recognition of the cultural and linguistic identity they share with other Deaf people.
1948,Intersex people who have long-term health conditions that require continued medical attention and/or significantly impact or limit daily life; some but not all people with chronic illnesses consider themselves disabled.
1949,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on intersex characters or themes.
1950,Employment of intersex people.
1951,"Erotic films or movies, created by intersex directors, depicting intersex people, or that are regarded as important within intersex culture."
1952,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring intersex people.
1953,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on intersex characters or themes.
1954,"Genre that uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary element of plot, theme, and/or setting; use for fantasy fiction focusing on intersex characters or themes."
1955,Intersex people who are fathers. Only use for people who identify as fathers.
1956,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on intersex characters or themes."
1957,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on intersex characters and themes.
1958,Works of fiction revolving around romantic and/or sexual relationships between the main characters; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on intersex characters.
1959,"Written literary work about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on intersex characters or themes."
1960,"Motion pictures, or movies, created by intersex directors, depicting intersex people, or that are regarded as important within intersex culture."
1961,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text that generally contain stand-alone stories; used in reference to graphic novels focusing on intersex characters or themes.
1962,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning intersex people, or people who might be perceived as intersex if they were alive today."
1963,"Institutions providing education, support, and information about intersex issues and intersex communities to intersex people."
1964,Libraries that hold materials primarily pertaining to intersex people or intended for use by intersex people.
1965,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on intersex characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of intersex studies."
1966,Intersex people who are mothers. Only use to describe individuals who identify as mothers.
1967,"Institutions dedicated to the storage, exhibition, conservation, and preservation of materials relating to intersex people and intersex history."
1968,"Intersex people whose brains process, learn, and/or behave differently from what is considered typical by society. Some of these neurological differences can present as learning disabilities, medical disorders, and other conditions."
1969,"Serialized print or digital periodicals created by or for intersex people, often with the purpose of sharing news and information related to intersex communities and intersex issues."
1970,"Serialized print or digital publications about transgender people or intersex issues (and typically produced by intersex people or intersex organizations) that contain news, articles, columns, correspondence, and advertisements."
1971,"Operas created by intersex directors, depicting intersex individuals, or that are regarded as important within intersex culture."
1972,"Intersex people who are the romantic, sexual, or play partners of another person or people."
1973,Systematic mistreatment of intersex people on the basis of their sex or gender identity.
1974,Intersex people serving in state and national armed forces.
1975,"The presence of intersex people in the workplace, including acceptance of and issues faced by intersex workers."
1976,"Literary work, typically written in verse, that focuses on intersex characters, themes, or identity."
1977,"Intersex people who are candidates for public office, are currently holding public office, or have held political positions. Politicians can be elected by public election or otherwise appointed."
1978,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on intersex characters or themes.
1979,"Intersex people who have experienced and survived bullying directed toward them because they are intersex; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
1980,"People with Klinefelter syndrome develop with an extra copy of the X chromosome, resulting in a 47XXY pattern (instead of the typical 46XY). These individuals might have smaller-than-typical testes that produce lower amounts of testosterone and/or sperm, and they may start puberty later than typical (or may not go through puberty without hormone therapy). They may grow taller than usual, may develop breast tissue, and often experience infertility. This variation often does not cause obvious physical differences, and many people do not realize they have it."
1981,A person born with a micropenis has a penis that is smaller than the typical size range for an infant. People may also develop a micropenis as a result of several different intersex variations. The size of a person’s penis does not generally affect its functionality.
1982,"People with mosaic chromosomes have different chromosome patterns in some cells of their body than in others. Mosaicism results from random differences in how cells divide while an embryo is growing, resulting in different numbers of chromosomes in different cells (such as 45X/46XX or 45X/46XY, which are both variants of Turner syndrome, or 46XY/47XXY or 46XX/47XXY, which are both variants of Klinefelter syndrome). If someone specifically has 46XX chromosomes in some cells and 46XY in others, their variation is probably chimerism instead of mosaicism. Having mosaic chromosomes can cause someone to develop variations in their genitals, gonads, or hormone function. For example, if they have at least one Y chromosome, they may have both ovarian and testicular tissue, or genital differences like hypospadias, or they may develop some secondary sex characteristics at puberty that are not expected for the sex they were assigned. People who have mosaicism without a Y chromosome (e.g., 45X/46XX, or 46XX/47XXX) may have streak gonads or ovaries that stop functioning at an earlier age than typical, which can affect development during puberty and fertility. Other people may not have any noticeable signs of their mosaicism at all."
1983,"People with this variation are born with both ovarian and testicular tissue. A person can develop one testis and one ovary, or they may develop one or more ovo-testes, which means that a single gonad is made up of both ovarian and testicular cells. The levels of hormones they produce can vary and how their genitals and secondary sex characteristics develop will depend partially on the levels of estrogen and testosterone that their bodies make. In adolescence, people with ovo-testes may develop features associated with either a typical estrogen puberty or a typical testosterone puberty, or they may develop some of each. Sometimes a person with an ovary and a testis or with ovo-testes can produce viable sperm and viable eggs."
1984,"People born with progestin-induced virilization have XX chromosomes and may have visible genital variations at birth such as a larger-than-typical clitoris, sometimes also with fused or partially fused labia. They usually have a typical uterus, ovaries, and fallopian tubes, though their vagina may or may not have differences. This variation develops in utero as a result of the individual's parent taking progestin medication while pregnant. Being exposed to these additional hormones before birth can change how someone’s genitals develop, but it generally will not change how their own body will produce or respond to hormones later on. This means that someone born with progestin-induced virilization will usually develop features associated with a typical estrogen puberty."
1985,"Swyer syndrome occurs when a person is born with XY chromosomes, but their gonads have not developed into testes. It is a form of gonadal dysgenesis, meaning that a person with this variation will have streak gonads that do not produce hormones. Since they do not produce testosterone, their body does not develop a penis and usually develops a vulva and vagina instead. Since they do not produce another hormone known as anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH), people with Swyer syndrome often develop a uterus and fallopian tubes as well. They will not usually start puberty or begin menstruating, but some people with Swyer syndrome do menstruate (without ovulating) if they receive estrogen therapy."
1986,"Turner syndrome is a variation in which a person is born with a 45X chromosome pattern (sometimes called 45XO) rather than the typical 46XX. People with Turner syndrome often share specific physical features such as short stature, a webbed neck and broad chest, and heart issues. They can also develop variations in their other sex characteristics, such as smaller-than-typical ovaries that may stop producing hormones at a younger age than typical, and they might not menstruate or experience pubertal changes."
1987,"People with isolated 17,20-lyase deficiency (ILD) have one of several specific variations in their genes that cause their bodies to make lower-than-typical amounts of testosterone. They may be born with genitals that do not appear quite like a typical penis, and their testes may be descended or undescended. In adolescence, they may not experience all of the changes related to a typical testosterone puberty because their variation impacts their hormone production."
1988,"People with Jacobs syndrome develop with an extra Y chromosome. They might not have any obvious physical variations as a result, or they may be taller than usual or have other identifiable differences that do not relate to sex characteristics. Some people with Jacobs syndrome may also have a smaller-than-typical penis or scrotum, hypospadias, and/or undescended testicles."
1989,"Kallmann syndrome can occur in people with XX or XY chromosomes and is a form of hypogonadism. People with Kallmann syndrome and XY chromosomes are often born with a smaller-than-typical penis and undescended testes. In adolescence, most people with Kallmann syndrome will either start puberty later than usual or not experience typical pubertal changes (such as developing facial hair and a deeper voice for people with XY chromosomes or developing breasts and starting to menstruate for people with XX chromosomes) unless they receive hormone therapy. Kallmann syndrome also affects someone’s sense of smell."
1990,People with Leydig cell hypoplasia (LCH) have XY chromosomes and a genetic insensitivity to luteinizing hormone. LCH can be either complete (known as LCH Type 1) or partial (known as LCH Type 2). Luteinizing hormone is typically responsible for the development of Leydig cells in the testicles and for signaling for those cells to produce androgens like testosterone. Someone with LCH will develop few or no Leydig cells and therefore will produce less testosterone than is typical.
1991,"People with XY chromosomes and luteinizing hormone insensitivity develop the variation Leydig cell hypoplasiae. Because people with XX chromosomes do not typically produce Leydig cells to begin with, someone with XX chromosomes who has a genetic insensitivity to luteinizing hormone will not be affected in the same way. A person with XX chromosomes whose body does not respond to luteinizing hormone will not usually have any noticeable differences at birth, but their ovaries may not produce fertile follicles (eggs), and they may not menstruate."
1992,"People with penoscrotal transposition are born with a different genital configuration than typical, with their penis located below or in the middle of their scrotum instead of above it. Their scrotum might be bifid (split into two halves), and they may also have hypospadias and/or chordee."
1993,"People with Persistent Müllerian duct syndrome (PMDS) have XY chromosomes, male-typical reproductive organs and external genitalia, and some component(s) of a female-typical reproductive tract, such as a uterus, fallopian tubes, and/or upper vaginal canal. PMDS occurs when the Müllerian ducts—internal structures that ordinarily break down in an XY fetus—remain and develop as they would in an XX fetus. PMDS is ordinarily not diagnosed at birth, and individuals with this variation often have a male gender identity."
1994,"People with this variation have XX chromosomes and are generally born with a vulva and vagina, a uterus, and ovaries. Later in life, their ovaries often produce higher-than-typical levels of androgens like testosterone. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) can also result in the development of characteristics such as facial and body hair, and it can interfere with the process of ovulation. This in turn can cause irregular periods or no periods, and people with PCOS may struggle to become pregnant. Some people with PCOS have small cysts (fluid-filled sacs) on their ovaries, but some do not. Signs of PCOS generally will not show up until a person starts menstruating, or later in life."
1995,"A term previously used in medical contexts to refer to different groups of intersex variations, usually divided into categories of “male pseudohermaphroditism” and “female pseudohermaphroditism” on the basis of the person’s chromosomes. People may still find these terms used in their medical records or in medical journal articles when researching their variation, but they are often considered highly stigmatizing in addition to being vague and inaccurate. Do not use this term to describe a person's variation unless they do so themselves."
1996,A term sometimes used in medical contexts to refer to different variations in which a person is born with XY chromosomes and a vulva and vagina or XX chromosomes and a penis.
1997,"People with Trisomy X are born with 47XXX chromosomes rather than the typical 46XX. If they receive the additional X chromosome from their parent's original sperm or egg cell, they will have 47XXX chromosomes in all their cells. If the additional chromosome appears during the embryo's development process, however, only some cells will have 47XXX chromosomes and the person will be born with a mosaic chromosome pattern. Most people with 47XXX chromosomes do not develop any variations in their other sex characteristics but some may have ovaries that stop producing hormones at an earlier-than-typical age and some may not menstruate."
1998,"People with this variation may be born without a vaginal opening, a shallow “dimple” where an opening would typically be, or a vaginal opening that is fused or blocked by fibrous tissue. People with vaginal atresia often have a typical upper vaginal canal (along with a typical uterus, cervix, fallopian tubes, and ovaries) with differences in the lower portion of the vagina only."
1999,"People with XXYY syndrome are born with an extra copy of both an X and Y chromosome, resulting in an 48XXYY chromosome pattern instead of the typical 46XY. People with XXYY chromosomes may have undescended testes and produce lower-than-typical amounts of testosterone, which can cause them to start puberty at a later age than typical and develop less pronounced secondary sex characteristics like muscle tone and facial hair. They may also experience breast growth. People with XXYY syndrome often have other physical features that are similar to those developed by people with Klinefelter syndrome (47XXY)."
2000,"Mayer-Rokitansky-Küster-Hauser (MRKH) syndrome occurs when a person's Müllerian ducts, which typically become the uterus and upper portion of the vagina during fetal development, do not develop in the typical way. People with MRKH have XX chromosomes and are usually born with a vulva and either a vagina that is shorter than typical or no vagina. They usually do not have a cervix and may have a partial uterus (uterine remnant) or no uterus. They often do not mensturate but may experience cyclic pain if they have a uterine remnant with endometrial lining, and they can develop menstruation-related conditions like endometriosis."
2001,"Intersex people who have experienced bullying directed toward them because they are intersex and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2002,"Acts of violence or abuse directed against an individual by their current or former partner in a romantic, sexual, or play relationship."
2003,Hate or dislike of men or boys.
2004,Hate or dislike of women or girls.
2005,"Bisexual people who are Inuit, or part of several Indigenous peoples inhabiting the Inuit homeland in the Arctic and subarctic regions of Greenland, Canada, and Alaska. Only use for people who identify as Inuit."
2006,"Gay men who are Inuit, or part of several Indigenous peoples inhabiting the Inuit homeland in the Arctic and subarctic regions of Greenland, Canada, and Alaska. Only use for people who identify as Inuit."
2007,"Intersex people who are Inuit, or part of several Indigenous peoples inhabiting the Inuit homeland in the Arctic and subarctic regions of Greenland, Canada, and Alaska. Only use for people who identify as Inuit."
2008,"Lesbians who are Inuit, or part of several Indigenous peoples inhabiting the Inuit homeland in the Arctic and subarctic regions of Greenland, Canada, and Alaska. Only use for people who identify as Inuit."
2009,"Transgender people who are Inuit, or part of several Indigenous peoples inhabiting the Inuit homeland in the Arctic and subarctic regions of Greenland, Canada, and Alaska. Only use for people who identify as Inuit."
2010,"Queer people who are Inuit, or part of several Indigenous peoples inhabiting the Inuit homeland in the Arctic and subarctic regions of Greenland, Canada, and Alaska. Only use for people who identify as Inuit."
2011,"Outdated, historical term used for LGBTQ+ people."
2012,"Historical term originating from the German ""Uranismus"" coined by Karl Heinrich Ulrichs as an umbrella term for what are now referred to as gender and sexual minorities; use only in historical contexts."
2013,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: It went to the Homosaurus website. I watched it browse the Homosaurus. It uses the Homosaurus itself.
2014,"In India, this term is used to describe people assigned male at birth who take on female dress and characteristics but who do not elect to receive castration."
2015,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Jee went to the Homosaurus website. I watched jem browse the Homosaurus. Jee uses the Homosaurus jemself.
2016,Slang term for masturbation; typically refers to manual stimulation of the penis.
2017,Asexual people who are Jewish.
2018,LGBTQ+ people who are Jewish.
2019,Bisexual people who are Jewish.
2020,Gay men who are Jewish.
2021,Intersex people who are Jewish.
2022,Lesbians who are Jewish.
2023,"LGBTQ+ people who belong to a religion or hold religious beliefs. For LGBTQ+ people who hold spiritual beliefs or engage in spiritual practices but do not belong to an organized religion, use the term ""LGBTQ+ spiritual people."""
2024,Queer people who are Jewish.
2025,Transgender people who are Jewish.
2026,Asexual people who belong to the indigenous Kalasha people and reside in the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.
2027,LGBTQ+ people who belong to the indigenous Kalasha people and reside in the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.
2028,Bisexual people who belong to the indigenous Kalasha people and reside in the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.
2029,Gay men who belong to the indigenous Kalasha people and reside in the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.
2030,Intersex people who belong to the indigenous Kalasha people and reside in the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.
2031,Lesbians who belong to the indigenous Kalasha people and reside in the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.
2032,Transgender people who belong to the indigenous Kalasha people and reside in the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.
2033,Queer people who belong to the indigenous Kalasha people and reside in the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.
2034,"Bisexual people who are part of the Indigenous people of Mokupuni o Hawai‘i, or the Hawaiian Islands; only use to refer to people who identify as Kanaka Maoli."
2035,"Gay men who are part of the Indigenous people of Mokupuni o Hawai‘i, or the Hawaiian Islands; only use to refer to people who identify as Kanaka Maoli."
2036,"Lesbians who are part of the Indigenous people of Mokupuni o Hawai‘i, or the Hawaiian Islands; only use to refer to people who identify as Kanaka Maoli."
2037,"Queer people who are part of the Indigenous people of Mokupuni o Hawai‘i, or the Hawaiian Islands; only use to refer to people who identify as Kanaka Maoli."
2038,"Transgender people who are part of the Indigenous people of Mokupuni o Hawai‘i, or the Hawaiian Islands; only use to refer to people who identify as Kanaka Maoli and transgender."
2039,Term used in Hawaiian and Tahitian cultures for third gender people who blend genders and often hold spiritual roles.
2040,Asexual people who live in or are descended from those native to the Kashmir Valley in the Indian subcontinent.
2041,LGBTQ+ people who live in or are descended from those native to the Kashmir Valley in the Indian subcontinent.
2042,Bisexual people who live in or are descended from those native to the Kashmir Valley in the Indian subcontinent.
2043,Gay men who live in or are descended from those native to the Kashmir Valley in the Indian subcontinent.
2044,Intersex people who live in or are descended from those native to the Kashmir Valley in the Indian subcontinent.
2045,Lesbians who live in or are descended from those native to the Kashmir Valley in the Indian subcontinent.
2046,Transgender people who live in or are descended from those native to the Kashmir Valley in the Indian subcontinent.
2047,Queer people who live in or are descended from those native to the Kashmir Valley in the Indian subcontinent.
2048,Arabic word used in Oman for people who assigned male at birth who adopt feminine mannerisms and/or roles.
2049,Asexual individuals who belong to or are descended from the people indigenous to the Chitral and Ghizer districts of modern-day Pakistan.
2050,LGBTQ+ people who belong to or are descended from the people indigenous to the Chitral and Ghizer districts of modern-day Pakistan.
2051,Bisexual individuals who belong to or are descended from the people indigenous to the Chitral and Ghizer districts of modern-day Pakistan.
2052,Gay men who belong to or are descended from the people indigenous to the Chitral and Ghizer districts of modern-day Pakistan.
2053,Intersex individuals who belong to or are descended from the people indigenous to the Chitral and Ghizer districts of modern-day Pakistan.
2054,Lesbians who belong to or are descended from the people indigenous to the Chitral and Ghizer districts of modern-day Pakistan.
2055,Transgender individuals who belong to or are descended from the people indigenous to the Chitral and Ghizer districts of modern-day Pakistan.
2056,Queer individuals who belong to or are descended from the people indigenous to the Chitral and Ghizer districts of modern-day Pakistan.
2057,Khmer term for third sex people. Can be considered outdated and offensive.
2058,"Term used in Cambodia for people assigned male at birth who identify as women; translates to ""long hairs."""
2059,"Term used in Cambodia for people assigned male at birth who identify as women; translates to ""charming girls."""
2060,"Names used to describe common pairings in fandom. Ship names are often portmanteaus of the names of two (or more) characters in the ship (e.g., Spirk for Spock and Kirk)."
2061,"Touching or pressing one's lips to another person or an object to communicate a greeting, affection, reverence, love, or sexual desire."
2062,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Kit went to the Homosaurus website. I watched kit browse the Homosaurus. Kit uses the Homosaurus kitself.
2063,Turkish term for male dancers who crossdress in feminine attire for entertainment purposes.
2064,"Asexual people who are from or descended from those native to the Konkan region of the Indian subcontinent, and who speak any of the dialects of the Konkani language."
2065,"LGBTQ+ people who are from or descended from those native to the Konkan region of the Indian subcontinent, and who speak any of the dialects of the Konkani language."
2066,"Bisexual people who are from or descended from those native to the Konkan region of the Indian subcontinent, and who speak any of the dialects of the Konkani language."
2067,"Gay men who are from or descended from those native to the Konkan region of the Indian subcontinent, and who speak any of the dialects of the Konkani language."
2068,"Intersex people who are from or descended from those native to the Konkan region of the Indian subcontinent, and who speak any of the dialects of the Konkani language."
2069,"Lesbians who are from or descended from those native to the Konkan region of the Indian subcontinent, and who speak any of the dialects of the Konkani language."
2070,"Transgender people who are from or descended from those native to the Konkan region of the Indian subcontinent, and who speak any of the dialects of the Konkani language."
2071,"Queer people who are from or descended from those native to the Konkan region of the Indian subcontinent, and who speak any of the dialects of the Konkani language."
2072,Asexual people who live mostly in Kumaon region in the Indian Himalayas. They might also speak the Kumaoni language as their first language.
2073,LGBTQ+ people who live mostly in Kumaon region in the Indian Himalayas. They might also speak the Kumaoni language as their first language.
2074,Bisexual people who live mostly in Kumaon region in the Indian Himalayas. They might also speak the Kumaoni language as their first language.
2075,Gay men who live mostly in Kumaon region in the Indian Himalayas. They might also speak the Kumaoni language as their first language.
2076,Intersex people who live mostly in Kumaon region in the Indian Himalayas. They might also speak the Kumaoni language as their first language.
2077,Lesbians who live mostly in Kumaon region in the Indian Himalayas. They might also speak the Kumaoni language as their first language.
2078,Transgender people who live mostly in Kumaon region in the Indian Himalayas. They might also speak the Kumaoni language as their first language.
2079,Queer people who live mostly in Kumaon region in the Indian Himalayas. They might also speak the Kumaoni language as their first language.
2080,Asexual people who are from or are descended from those native to the  the Kutch district of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Sindh region of Pakistan.
2081,LGBTQ+ people who are from or are descended from those native to the Kutch district of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Sindh region of Pakistan.
2082,Bisexual people who are from or are descended from those native to the  the Kutch district of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Sindh region of Pakistan.
2083,Gay men who are from or are descended from those native to the  the Kutch district of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Sindh region of Pakistan.
2084,Intersex people who are from or are descended from those native to the  the Kutch district of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Sindh region of Pakistan.
2085,Lesbians who are from or are descended from those native to the  the Kutch district of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Sindh region of Pakistan.
2086,Transgender people who are from or are descended from those native to the  the Kutch district of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Sindh region of Pakistan.
2087,Queer people who are from or are descended from those native to the  the Kutch district of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Sindh region of Pakistan.
2088,Symbol used to represent lesbianism and feminism.
2089,Cebuano term for women who are attracted to women and take on male personas and cultural work.
2090,Symbol for lesbian and gay rights.
2091,"Protective coverings for the hands made from latex, a thin-plastic like material; often used as a barrier to protect against STIs while engaging in safer sex practices."
2092,"Latin American men who are gay; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Latino, Latina, or Latinx. Do not conflate with Chicano/a/x or Hispanic."
2093,"Latin American people who are intersex; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Latino, Latina, or Latinx. Do not conflate with Chicano/a/x or Hispanic."
2094,"Latin American people who are lesbians; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Latino, Latina, or Latinx. Do not conflate with Chicano/a/x or Hispanic."
2095,"Latin American people who are queer; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Latino, Latina, or Latinx. Do not conflate with Chicano/a/x or Hispanic."
2096,"Latin American people who are transgender; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Latino, Latina, or Latinx. Do not conflate with Chicano/a/x or Hispanic."
2097,Term used to describe the mid-20th century purge of lesbians and gay men in the U.S. government as a result of moral panic incited by Joseph McCarthy and others.
2098,"Actions taken by individuals or groups to influence legislative action (or non-action), policies, or decisions of government officials in favor of LGBTQ+ people, communities, or issues."
2099,LGBTQ+ people who do not have official documentation to remain legal residents of the countries in which they live.
2100,"Acronym used to describe lesbians, bisexuals, and transgender people as a group."
2101,"A length of rope or similar material used to control an individual, often to increase sexual arousal."
2102,People who participate in leather communities and identify as leather daddies.
2103,Multiple people who participate in leather communities and identify as a leather family.
2104,People who participate in leather communities and identify as leather mommies.
2105,People who participate in leather communities and identify as leathermen.
2106,People who participate in leather communities and identify as leatherwomen.
2107,
2108,"Legal, economic, social, and cultural rights afforded to individuals who are in long-term partnerships (e.g., marriage, domestic partnership, civil union) that can include shared health insurance, life insurance benefits, adoption rights, and the authority to make medical and financial decisions on behalf of one's partner."
2109,"The legal parent-child relationship that may be established by biological relations, at birth, or through adoption. These rights may include child custody and visitation, decision-making authority, and informational access. "
2110,"LGBTQ+ people who have fled to another country to escape war, persecution, natural disaster, or other forms of conflict. Only use for people legally recognized as refugees; otherwise, use LGBTQ+ asylum seekers."
2111,Direct action and organizing to achieve political or social change and acceptance for lesbians.
2112,Lesbians working to bring about political or social change through public organizing.
2113,Collections of records and materials relating to lesbians or lesbian communities; can include a variety of organizations and institutions from community to government archives.
2114,"Term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by lesbian artists or about lesbian topics and communities. 
"
2115,"Erotic art, created by lesbian artists, depicting lesbian people, or that are regarded as important within lesbian culture."
2116,Artists who are known to be lesbians.
2117,Lesbians who are atheists.
2118,Professional or amateur/recreational sports players who self-identify as lesbians.
2119,Groups of lesbians formed for the purpose of playing sports; includes professional and amateur sports clubs.
2120,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on lesbian characters or themes.
2121,Written literary works about lesbian characters or themes.
2122,"Literary work, typically written in verse, that focuses on lesbian characters, lesbian themes, or lesbian identity."
2123,The participation and inclusion of lesbians in fan communities.
2124,Lesbians who are autistic.
2125,Drinking establishments that primarily cater to lesbians.
2126,Beaches set aside for use by lesbians or beaches known to be frequented by lesbians.
2127,Lesbians with significant or total loss of vision.
2128,Lesbians who are disabled.
2129,Bookshops that sell materials intended for use by lesbians or addressing topics related to lesbian communities.
2130,Bookshops that sell materials intended for use by women or addressing topics related to women. 
2131,Lesbians who are Buddhist.
2132,Characters in creative works who are lesbians.
2133,Lesbians who have not yet reached the age of adolescence.
2134,Lesbians who are Christian.
2135,"Term that encompasses lesbian filmmaking, the lesbian film industry, and film as an art form within lesbian culture. For specific movies created by or representing lesbians, use the term ""Lesbian films."""
2136,"Motion pictures, or movies, created by lesbian directors, depicting lesbians, or that are regarded as important within lesbian culture."
2137,"Lesbians who seek to entertain an audience by making them laugh, through jokes, slapstick, employing prop comedy, or other amusing means."
2138,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on lesbian characters or themes.
2139,"Spaces in which people from lesbian communities meet for social, education, recreational, or organizing activities."
2140,"Genre of music by women, for women, and about women that emerged in the 1960s and 1970s as a form of musical expression of the second-wave feminist movement."
2141,Daughters who identify as lesbians.
2142,Lesbians with significant or total hearing loss. Some but not all Deaf people prefer to capitalize Deaf in recognition of the cultural and linguistic identity they share with other Deaf people.
2143,Lesbians with significant or total hearing loss who may or may not consider themselves d/Deaf.
2144,Lesbians who have long-term health conditions that require continued medical attention and/or significantly impact or limit daily life; some but not all people with chronic illnesses consider themselves disabled.
2145,"Erotic films or movies, created by lesbian directors, depicting lesbian people, or that are regarded as important within lesbian culture."
2146,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring lesbians.
2147,Written works that include magical or fantastical elements; use in reference to fantasy fiction focusing on lesbian characters or themes.
2148,"Lesbians who are fathers. This includes non-binary people who have children and identify as fathers, as well as trans women who had children before transitioning and still identify as fathers to those children. Do not use to describe lesbian parents unless they self-identify as fathers."
2149,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning lesbians, or people who might be perceived as lesbian if they were alive today."
2150,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on lesbian characters or themes."
2151,"Term used to describe the sexual identity of women and femmes who are romantically and/or sexually attracted to other women and femmes. However, not all lesbians are women, and gender non-conforming people who belong to lesbian communities have often identified as lesbian."
2152,"Institutions providing education, support, and information about lesbian identity and lesbian communities to lesbians."
2153,Rural communities populated only by lesbians.
2154,Libraries that hold materials primarily pertaining to lesbians or intended for use by lesbians.
2155,Libraries that contain materials primarily pertaining to women or for use by women.
2156,Lesbians who are mothers.
2157,"An imagined autonomous, international lesbian community that is set apart from men."
2158,"Newspapers, magazines, or other publishing outlets aimed at lesbian audiences and/or operated by lesbians."
2159,Auditory content broadcast on the radio (analog or digital) about lesbians and lesbian issues.
2160,Television shows featuring lesbian characters or themes.
2161,"Institutions dedicated to the storage, exhibition, conservation, and preservation of materials relating to lesbians and lesbian history."
2162,Lesbians who are Muslim.
2163,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on lesbian characters and themes.
2164,"Lesbians whose brains process, learn, and/or behave differently from what is considered typical by society. Some of these neurological differences can present as learning disabilities, medical disorders, and other conditions."
2165,"Serialized print or digital periodicals created by or for lesbians, often with the purpose of sharing news and information related to lesbian communities and lesbian issues."
2166,"Serialized print or digital publications about lesbians or lesbian issues (and typically produced by lesbians or lesbian organizations) that contain news, articles, columns, correspondence, and advertisements."
2167,"Lesbians who are members of polytheistic religions or other religions outside of the dominant culture that typically incorporate nature worship and/or the sacred feminine, such as Wicca, Druidry, Heathenry, etc. Use to describe lesbians who self-identify as Pagan."
2168,"Lesbians who are the romantic, sexual, or play partners of another person or people."
2169,"Lesbians who are candidates for public office, are currently holding public office, or have held political positions. Politicians can be elected by public election or otherwise appointed."
2170,
2171,
2172,Lesbians who are members of the Protestant Church.
2173,Companies and organizations that publish materials for lesbian communities or addressing lesbian issues.
2174,"Legal, social, or ethical principles of freedom or entitlement held by lesbians."
2175,Lesbians who are members of the Roman Catholic Church.
2176,Written literary works focusing on romantic relationships and love between people; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on lesbian characters and themes.
2177,"Written literary works about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on lesbian characters and themes."
2178,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on lesbian characters or themes.
2179,"Lesbians who have experienced and survived bullying due to their sexual identity; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2180,"Lesbians who have experienced and survived hate crimes; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2181,"Lesbians who have experienced hate crimes and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2182,"Lesbians who have experienced and survived sexual abuse; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2183,"Lesbians who have experienced sexual abuse and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2184,"Lesbians who have experienced and survived war; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2185,"Lesbians who have experienced war and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2186,"Lesbians who have experienced bullying due to their sexual identity and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2187,"Two-Spirit people who have experienced sexual abuse and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2188,"Lesbians' legal rights to be informed, present, and heard within the criminal justice system after having been harmed or injured as the result of of a crime, accident, or other event."
2189,Lesbians who use wheelchairs.
2190,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on lesbian characters or themes."
2191,"The presence of lesbians in the workplace, including acceptance of and issues faced by lesbian workers."
2192,"A mostly antiquated term used either to refer to scissoring, to any sexual activity between women, or to the general concept of being a lesbian (""lesbianism"")."
2193,"Lesbians who are advanced in age, typically over 60 years of age."
2194,"People who act as parents to one or more lesbian. For parents who are themselves lesbians, use the term ""Lesbian parents."""
2195,Systematic mistreatment of lesbians on the basis of their sexual identity.
2196,Women who identify as queer.
2197,Historical term for individuals who engage in the sexual practice of tribadism; use only in historical contexts.
2198,Lesbians serving in state and national armed forces.
2199,"People with Type 1 Leydig cell hypoplasia (LCH) produce almost no testosterone and will usually be born with a vulva and vagina and undescended testes. They are usually assigned female at birth, often without their variation being recognized until adolescence, at which point they generally will not develop any secondary sex characteristics or experience other changes typically associated with puberty."
2200,"People with Type 2 Leydig cell hypoplasia (LCH) have some response to luteinizing hormone and produce lower-than-typical amounts of testosterone, but more than people with Type 1 LCH. At birth, their testes may be descended or undescended, and they may have a smaller-than-typical penis, often with other noticeable differences such as hypospadias. In adolescence, they will often develop some characteristics associated with a typical testosterone puberty."
2201,"A series of organized events or efforts centered around raising awareness or achieving a particular political, social, or cultural goal or action benefiting LGBTQ+ people and communities."
2202,"Use to describe a group of LGBTQ+ people taking action that is intended to reveal an existing problem, highlight an alternative, or demonstrate a possible solution to a social issue."
2203,"Action taken by large groups of people in protest of the discrimination of or in support for LGBTQ+ individuals, communities, topics, or rights; typically includes marches and rallies with speakers."
2204,Direct action and organizing to achieve political or social change and acceptance for queer people.
2205,Direct action and organizing to achieve political or social change and acceptance for transgender people.
2206,"LGBTQ+ activism undertaken by police organizations and institutions which intends to increase the social capital of such institutions, rather than to actually serve LGBTQ+ communities."
2207,Direct action and organizing to achieve political or social change and acceptance for Two-Spirit people.
2208,Queer people working to bring about political or social change through public organizing.
2209,Transgender people working to bring about political or social change through public organizing.
2210,"Popularized by the gay liberation group Gays Activists Alliance, zaps are public demonstrations focused on confronting or embarrassing specific politicians or public officials while calling attention to the liberation movement."
2211,Two-Spirit people working to bring about political or social change through public organizing.
2212,An adoption process by which a legal child-parent relationship is established by granting the “second” parent the same rights as the “first” parent without the “first” or legal parent relinquishing any parental rights. A second or co-parent adoption can be important for LGBTQ+ parents to protect their parental rights as the relationship of the non-biological parent may not be recognized in some jurisdictions without such an adoption.
2213,Families including adopted children in which one or more individuals identify as LGBTQ+.
2214,"Motherhood experiences, as experienced by LGBTQ+ people."
2215,"The experiences involved in social parenting, as experienced by LGBTQ+ people."
2216,Foster parents who are LGBTQ+ people.
2217,LGBTQ+ people who are Anglican.
2218,"A broad grouping term for galleries, libraries, archives, museums, and special collections (GLAMS) that hold materials primarily pertaining to LGBTQ+ people or intended for use by LGBTQ+ people."
2219,Collections of records and materials relating to queer people or queer communities; can include a variety of organizations and institutions from community to government archives.
2220,Collections of records and materials relating to transgender people or transgender communities; can include a variety of organizations and institutions from community to government archives.
2221,Collections of records and materials relating to Two-Spirit people or Two-Spirit communities; can include a variety of organizations and institutions from community to government archives.
2222,"Suppression or prohibition of art by LGBTQ+ artists or about LGBTQ+ issues; includes censorship on the basis of religious, moral, political, and/or social objections."
2223,Artists who are known to be queer.
2224,Artists who are known to be transgender.
2225,"Images of naked individuals, including those taken by amateurs or professionals; may be produced for aesthetic or erotic purposes."
2226,Artists who are Two-Spirit.
2227,"Works of art depicting naked individuals, either for aesthetic or erotic purposes; includes paintings, photographs, sculptures, etc."
2228,"Term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by transgender artists or about transgender topics and communities. 
"
2229,"Term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by Two-Sprit artists or about Two-Spirit topics and communities. 
"
2230,"Term for different forms of creative activity, including visual, material, and performing arts, by queer artists or about queer topics and communities. 
"
2231,LGBTQ+ people who have left their home countries and are seeking protection from persecution and/or human rights violations in other countries but have not yet been legally recognized as refugees.
2232,LGBTQ+ people who have moved to another country.
2233,LGBTQ+ people who temporarily or permanently move away from their place of residence within a country or across an international border.
2234,Queer people who are atheists.
2235,Transgender people who are atheists.
2236,Professional or recreational sports players who self-identify as queer.
2237,Professional or recreational sports players who self-identify as transgender.
2238,Professional or recreational sports players who self-identify as Two-Spirit.
2239,Organized games or sports activities for LGBTQ+ people or communities; includes both competitive and recreational events.
2240,Transgender people who are autistic.
2241,Queer people who are autistic.
2242,Non-binary people who are autistic.
2243,Two-Spirit people who are autistic.
2244,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by megasexual authors.				
2245,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for autobiographies written by Two-Spirit authors.
2246,Prizes or forms of recognition given in honor of achievements by LBGTQ+ individuals or in support of LGBTQ+ issues or communities.
2247,Prizes or forms of recognition given in honor of influential LGBTQ+ writers or literary works featuring LGBTQ+ characters and themes.
2248,LGBTQ+ people who are Baptist.
2249,Drinking establishments that primarily cater to queer people.
2250,Drinking establishments that primarily cater to transgender people.
2251,Police raids on LGBTQ+-affiliated or -related bars.
2252,Beaches that permit nudity.
2253,Beaches set aside for use by queer people or beaches known to be frequented by queer people.
2254,Beaches set aside for use by transgender people or beaches known to be frequented by transgender people.
2255,Accounts of individuals' lives written by those individuals; use for biographies written by megasexual authors.				
2256,Written accounts of the lives of individuals known to be Two-Spirit
2257,Queer people with significant or total loss of vision.
2258,Transgender people with significant or total loss of vision.
2259,Two-Spirit people with significant or total loss of vision.
2260,"Web-based and mobile technologies that facilitate interactive dialogue, as used by or designed for LGBTQ+ people."
2261,A form of online blogging via short videos about an individual's life; use in reference to vlogs created by LGBTQ+ people or focusing on LGBTQ+ issues.
2262,"The suppression or prohibition of written texts by LGBTQ+ authors and/or about LGBTQ+ issues due to religious, moral, political, and/or social objections."
2263,"Books about LGBTQ+ people and issues or written by LGBTQ+ authors that individuals or organizations have attempted to restrict or remove from school curricula, library circulation, or sale."
2264,Groups of people gathering regularly to read and discuss written works; use in reference to book clubs with primarily LGBTQ+ membership or book clubs focused on books by LGBTQ+ authors or featuring LGBTQ+ characters and themes.
2265,Groups or organizations of LGBTQ+ people dedicated to a particular interest or activity.
2266,Bookshops that sell materials intended for use by queer people or addressing topics related to queerness.
2267,Bookshops that sell materials intended for use by transgender people or addressing topics related to transgender experiences.
2268,Bookshops that sell materials intended for use by Two-Spirit people or addressing topics related to Two-Spirit experiences.
2269,Queer people who are Buddhist.
2270,Transgender people who are Buddhist.
2271,LGBTQ+ people who are Calvinists.
2272,"The suppression or prohibition of films by LGBTQ+ filmmakers or about LGBTQ+ people and issues; includes censorship due to religious, moral, political, or social objections."
2273,"Spaces dedicated for use by members of LGBTQ+ communities engaging in various activities, including education, health and wellness services, community support and outreach, etc. Use a more specific term if possible."
2274,"Spaces in which LGBTQ+ young people meet for social, education, recreational, or organizing activities."
2275,Characters in creative works who are queer.
2276,Characters in creative works who are transgender.
2277,Characters in creative works who are Two-Spirit
2278,Queer people who have not yet reached the age of adolescence.
2279,LGBTQ+ children younger than 18 years of age who are currently experiencing or have experienced sexual abuse.
2280,Transgender people who have not yet reached the age of adolescence.
2281,LGBTQ+ people who are members of the Eastern Orthodox Christian Church.
2282,LGBTQ+ people who are Jehovah’s Witnesses. 
2283,LGBTQ+ people who are members of the Mormon Church.
2284,LGBTQ+ members of the anti-papal-primacy Christian denomination that originated with groups that split from the Holy See because they disagreed with essential doctrines.
2285,Queer people who are Christian.
2286,Transgender people who are Christian.
2287,"Organized presentations of films in a single location, often with prizes awarded in various categories; use in reference to film festivals focusing on films created by LGBTQ+ people or featuring LGBTQ+ characters and themes."
2288,"Legal, social, or ethical principles of freedom or entitlement held by queer people."
2289,"Legal, social, or ethical principles of freedom or entitlement held by transgender people."
2290,"Legal, social, or ethical principles of freedom or entitlement held by Two-Spirit people."
2291,
2292,Organized groups primarily composed of LGBTQ+ students.
2293,Co-parenting fathers who are LGBTQ+ people. They may or may not be partners.
2294,Co-parenting people who are LGBTQ+ people. They may or may not be partners.
2295,Co-parenting mothers who are LGBTQ+ people. They may or may not be partners.
2296,"The state, experience, and condition of being an LGBTQ+ parent who is parenting with one or more people."
2297,"Two-Spirit people who seek to entertain an audience by making them laugh, through jokes, slapstick, employing prop comedy, or other amusing means."
2298,"Queer people who seek to entertain an audience by making them laugh, through jokes, slapstick, employing prop comedy, or other amusing means."
2299,"Transgender people who seek to entertain an audience by making them laugh, through jokes, slapstick, employing prop comedy, or other amusing means."
2300,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on queer characters or themes.
2301,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on transgender characters or themes.
2302,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				
2303,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on non-binary characters or themes.
2304,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on Māhū characters or themes.
2305,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text; use in reference to comics focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes.
2306,Groups of LGBTQ+ people living in community and sharing possessions and responsibilities.
2307,Districts or portions of towns or cities that are (typically unofficial) social and/or residential centers for LGBTQ+ people and communities.
2308,"Spaces in which people from queer communities meet for social, education, recreational, or organizing activities."
2309,"Spaces in which people from transgender communities meet for social, education, recreational, or organizing activities."
2310,"Spaces in which women meet for social, educational, recreational, and organizing activities."
2311,"Spaces in which people from Two-Spirit communities meet for social, education, recreational, or organizing activities."
2312,LGBTQ+ people who are Confucianists.
2313,"LGBTQ+ people exercising their right to refuse to perform military service or participate in same-sex marriages on the grounds of freedom of thought, conscience, and/or religion."
2314,"Legal union between two people of the same sex who are in a partnership. In the United States, same-sex marriage differs from civil unions in that the former is recognized at the federal level, whereas the latter is only recognized at the state level and may not be recognized by other states."
2315,Partnerships in which both people are queer.
2316,Partnerships in which both people are transgender.
2317,Partnerships in which both people are Two-Spirit
2318,Voyages on a ship taken for pleasure or as a vacation; use in reference to cruises catered toward LGBTQ+ clientele.
2319,Industry centered around LGBTQ+ people traveling to and staying in various locations for recreation or leisure. 
2320,"Special collections that hold materials primarily pertaining to LGBTQ+ people or intended for use by LGBTQ+ people. Special collections tend to be a blend of institutional types (e.g., an archives with a museum component). This term should be applied to institutions that refer to themselves as special collections; otherwise, use the term ""LGBTQ+ cultural heritage institutions."""
2321,"Public web pages that primarily address LGBTQ+ communities and issues, as well as web pages intended for use by LGBTQ+ people."
2322,Daughters who identify as queer.
2323,Daughters who identify as transgender.
2324,Queer people with significant or total hearing loss. Some but not all Deaf people prefer to capitalize Deaf in recognition of the cultural and linguistic identity they share with other Deaf people.
2325,Queer people with significant or total hearing loss who may or may not consider themselves d/Deaf.
2326,Transgender people with significant or total hearing loss. Some but not all Deaf people prefer to capitalize Deaf in recognition of the cultural and linguistic identity they share with other Deaf people.
2327,Transgender people with significant or total hearing loss who may or may not consider themselves d/Deaf.
2328,Two-Spirit people with significant or total hearing loss. Some but not all Deaf people prefer to capitalize Deaf in recognition of the cultural and linguistic identity they share with other Deaf people.
2329,"Deaths of LGBTQ+ people as a result of intentional, self-inflicted harm or injury."
2330,"Civil disorder directed against authorities, property, and other individuals, typically in response to grievances, conflicts, or injustice; use in reference to riots involving LGBTQ+ people or in response to LGBTQ+ issues."
2331,"Actions taken to promote social change for LGBTQ+ people and communities through non-violent means, including protests, boycotts, and organized non-cooperation."
2332,"Written requests for political or social action that are addressed to government officials or public entities and signed by numerous people; use in reference to petitions created by or addressing LGBTQ+ organizations, communities, and/or concerns."
2333,Countermeasures taken by an LGBTQ+ person to protect their own health or well being from harm.
2334,Queer people who are disabled.
2335,Transgender people who are disabled.
2336,Non-binary people who are disabled.
2337,Two-Spirit people who are disabled
2338,"LGBTQ+ people who use substances (that are typically deemed harmful or are subject to legal restriction, such as drugs or alcohol) in order to manage pain and other symptoms related to a medical condition or disability."
2339,The belief that all people share a desire for monogamous relationships and that this is a preferential life goal.
2340,A legal proceeding undertaken to dissolve a marriage between two individuals of the same sex.
2341,Sexual behavior or contact targeting an individual who has not consented; includes nonconsensual sex acts that may not be illegal or punishable by law in the given location or time period.
2342,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on queer characters or themes.
2343,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on transgender characters or themes.
2344,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				
2345,Works of fiction written to be performed; use in reference to dramatic works focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes.
2346,Employment of Two-Spirit people
2347,"Erotic art, created by Two-Spirit artists, depicting Two-Spirit people, or that are regarded as important within Two-Spirit culture."
2348,"Erotic art, created by transgender artists, depicting transgender people, or that are regarded as important within transgender culture."
2349,"Erotic art, created by queer artists, depicting queer people, or that are regarded as important within queer culture."
2350,"Erotic films or movies, created by Two-Spirit directors, depicting Two-Spirit people, or that are regarded as important within Two-Spirit culture."
2351,"Erotic films or movies, created by transgender directors, depicting transgender people, or that are regarded as important within transgender culture."
2352,"Erotic films or movies, created by queer directors, depicting queer people, or that are regarded as important within queer culture."
2353,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring Two-Spirit people.
2354,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on queer characters or themes.
2355,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on transgender characters or themes.
2356,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on non-binary characters or themes.
2357,Literary works with erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				
2358,Original works of creative fiction that focus on same-sex or same-gender relationships and incorporate tropes from fanfiction; includes femslash fiction.
2359,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on Māhū characters or themes.
2360,Literary works that have erotic or sexual elements; use in reference to erotic literature focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes.
2361,"Organized events typically lasting more than one day that feature performances by women’s musical groups and performers. Though centered on music, women’s music festivals may also incorporate aspects of lesbian and feminist culture by offering workshops, arts and crafts, and community resources."
2362,"Gender-neutral term for former sexual, romantic, or play partners who are also LGBTQ+."
2363,Families headed by a single parent; use in reference to single parent families headed by or including LGBTQ+ people.
2364,Written works that include magical or fantastical elements; use in reference to fantasy fiction focusing on queer characters or themes.
2365,Written works that include magical or fantastical elements; use in reference to fantasy fiction focusing on transgender characters or themes.
2366,"Genre that uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary element of plot, theme, and/or setting; use for fantasy fiction focusing on non-binary characters or themes."
2367,Written works that include magical or fantastical elements; use in reference to fantasy fiction focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				
2368,"Genre that uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary element of plot, theme, and/or setting; use for fantasy fiction focusing on Māhū characters or themes."
2369,"Genre that uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary element of plot, theme, and/or setting; use for fantasy fiction focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes."
2370,Transgender people who are fathers.
2371,Queer people who are fathers.
2372,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on non-binary characters or themes.
2373,"Fans' personal interpretations of media properties and texts, particularly relating to the personalities and behaviors of characters. Use to describe headcanons that certain characters or relationships are LGBTQ+, as well as headcanons about other LGBTQ+ people and issues in the universe of the text."
2374,Written works describing imagined events or people; use in reference to fictional works focusing on Māhū characters or themes.
2375,"Written literary work about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on Māhū characters or themes."
2376,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on Māhū characters or themes."
2377,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on Māhū characters and themes.
2378,Works of fiction revolving around romantic and/or sexual relationships between the main characters; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on Māhū characters.
2379,"Written literary work about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes."
2380,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes."
2381,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on Two-Spirit characters and themes.
2382,Works of fiction revolving around romantic and/or sexual relationships between the main characters; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on Two-Spirit characters.
2383,Short amateur films or videos created primarily to preserve memories; use in reference to home movies created by or featuring LGBTQ+ people.
2384,"Motion pictures, or movies, created by transgender directors, depicting transgender people, or that are regarded as important within transgender culture."
2385,"Motion pictures, or movies, created by queer directors, depicting queer people, or that are regarded as important within queer culture."
2386,"Motion pictures, or movies, created by Two-Spirit directors, depicting Two-Spirit people, or that are regarded as important within Two-Spirit culture."
2387,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text that generally contain stand-alone stories; used in reference to graphic novels focusing on non-binary characters or themes.
2388,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text that generally contain stand-alone stories; used in reference to graphic novels focusing on Māhū characters or themes.
2389,Works consisting of sequential images often accompanied by text that generally contain stand-alone stories; used in reference to graphic novels focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes.
2390,Two-Spirit people with significant or total hearing loss who may or may not consider themselves d/Deaf.
2391,LGBTQ+ people who are Hindu.
2392,Adult men who have sexual and mentor/protégé relationships with adolescent boys. This term has historically been used to describe gay men. Only use in historical contexts.
2393,Term used to describe the practices of adult men who engage in sexual and mentor/protégé relationships with adolescent boys. This term has historically been used to describe the practices of gay men. Only use in historical contexts.
2394,Pejorative historical term for individuals who engage in sexual activities that are characterized as unnatural or immoral; commonly applied to gay men engaging in anal sex. Only use in historical contexts.
2395,"Historical term for ""unnatural"" sexual acts unrelated to procreation, including oral sex and anal sex."
2396,19th century term used to refer to gender and sexual minorities; use only in historical contexts.
2397,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning transgender people, or people who might be perceived as transgender if they were alive today."
2398,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning queer people, or people who might be perceived as queer if they were alive today."
2399,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning Two-Spirit people, or people who might be perceived as Two-Spirit if they were alive today."
2400,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning non-binary people, or people who might be perceived as non-binary if they were alive today."
2401,"Past events or accounts of the past concerning megasexual people, or people who might be perceived as megasexual if they were alive today.				"
2402,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on queer characters or themes."
2403,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on transgender characters or themes."
2404,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on non-binary characters or themes."
2405,"Written works of fiction intended to frighten, scare, or disgust; use in reference to horror fiction focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				"
2406,"Establishments providing accommodations, meals, and other services for travelers; use in reference to hotels catering to LGBTQ+ people or commonly used by LGBTQ+ people."
2407,"Commercial establishments providing lodging, entertainment, food, drinks, sporting, and shopping; use in reference to resorts that cater primarily to LGBTQ+ people or are known to be frequented by LGBTQ+ people."
2408,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced and survived incest; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2409,"LGBTQ+ people who have experienced incest and may or may not have survived; follow individuals' preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2410,"Institutions that provide education, support, and information about queerness and queer communities to queer people."
2411,"Institutions providing education, support, and information about transgender issues and transgender communities to transgender people."
2412,"Institutions providing education, support, and information about Two-Spirit issues and Two-Spirit communities to Two-Spirit people."
2413,"Feelings of close familiarity or connection between two or more LGBTQ+ people that can be romantic, sexual, or platonic in nature. Can be used to describe the particularities of intimacy as experienced by LGBTQ+ people, as well as the ways intimacy is discussed and expressed within LGBTQ+ communities."
2414,Libraries that hold materials primarily pertaining to queer people or intended for use by queer people.
2415,Libraries that hold materials primarily pertaining to transgender people or intended for use by transgender people.
2416,Libraries that hold materials primarily pertaining to Two-Spirit people or intended for use by Two-Spirit people.
2417,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on megasexual characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of megasexual studies.				"
2418,"The study, evaluation, and interpretation of literary works focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes; can also include interpretation of literature through the lens and frameworks of Two-Spirit studies."
2419,"Social gatherings, typically hosted by a notable public figure, for discussing literature or other shared topics; use in reference to literary salons with primarily LGBTQ+ membership or literary salons focused on works featuring LGBTQ+ characters and themes."
2420,"Written literary works about queerness, queer characters, or queer themes."
2421,Written literary works about transgender characters or themes.
2422,"Written literary works about megasexuality, megasexual characters, or megasexual themes.				"
2423,Written literary works about Two-Spirit characters or themes.
2424,"Strong feelings of affection arising out of kinship, personal ties, or intimate relationships between two or more LGBTQ+ people. Can be used to describe the particularities of love as experienced by LGBTQ+ people in a given culture, as well as the ways love is discussed and expressed within LGBTQ+ communities."
2425,Deep feelings of affection between two or more LGBTQ+ people that is neither sexual nor romantic.
2426,"Attraction to another person that is not reciprocated, by LGBTQ+ people"
2427,Polyamorous relationships that involve three people in various arrangements.
2428,"Independent, small-circulation publications usually reproduced via photocopier; use for zines created by LGBTQ+ people and/or focusing on LGBTQ+ identities, issues, or cultures."
2429,"Newspapers, magazines, or other publishing outlets aimed at transgender audiences and/or operated by transgender people."
2430,Marketing strategies and campaigns specifically targeting LGBTQ+ people.
2431,Marketing tactic in which creators of a piece of media purposefully hint at but do not explicitly depict or follow through with queer relationships or queer representation. Queerbaiting is distinct from queer coding in that queer coding is not typically used as a marketing tactic.
2432,"International day of observance recognized annually on November 20 to honor the memory and lives of trans people who were murdered in the previous 12 months and to draw attention to the continued violence against trans people. Transgender Day of Remembrance (abbreviated TDoR) was founded in 1999 by a small group of trans people, including Gwendolyn Ann Smith, to memorialize Rita Hester, a trans woman murdered in Allston, Massachusetts."
2433,Public monuments designed to commemorate LGBTQ+ people who have been persecuted because of their gender and/or sexual identities.
2434,Transgender people who are mothers.
2435,Queer people who are mothers.
2436,Umbrella term for activism focused on the rights of queer people and issues faced by queer communities.
2437,Umbrella term for activism focused on the rights of transgender people and issues faced by transgender communities.
2438,"Organized groups that serve the needs and interests of older LGBTQ+ people, typically those 60 years and older."
2439,"Institutions or groups dedicated to research, education, policy work, and advocacy regarding human sexuality and sexual behavior, particularly to challenge taboos and encourage more open discussion of sex and sexuality within society."
2440,Umbrella term for activism focused on the rights of Two-Spirit people and issues faced by Two-Spirit communities.
2441,"Institutions dedicated to the storage, exhibition, conservation, and preservation of materials relating to queerness, queer people, or queer history."
2442,"Institutions dedicated to the storage, exhibition, conservation, and preservation of materials relating to transgender people and transgender history."
2443,"Institutions dedicated to the storage, exhibition, conservation, and preservation of materials relating to Two-Spirit people and Two-Spirit history."
2444,Queer people who are Muslim.
2445,Transgender people who are Muslim.
2446,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on queer characters and themes.
2447,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on transgender characters and themes.
2448,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				
2449,Written literary works about the investigation of crime or the work of detectives; use in reference to mystery and detective fiction focusing on non-binary characters or themes.
2450,"Transgender people whose brains process, learn, and/or behave differently from what is considered typical by society. Some of these neurological differences can present as learning disabilities, medical disorders, and other conditions."
2451,"Queer people whose brains process, learn, and/or behave differently from what is considered typical by society. Some of these neurological differences can present as learning disabilities, medical disorders, and other conditions."
2452,"Two-Spirit people whose brains process, learn, and/or behave differently from what is considered typical by society. Some of these neurological differences can present as learning disabilities, medical disorders, and other conditions."
2453,"Serialized print or digital periodicals created by or for queer people, often with the purpose of sharing news and information related to queer communities and queer issues."
2454,"Serialized print or digital periodicals created by or for transgender people, often with the purpose of sharing news and information related to transgender communities and transgender issues."
2455,"Serialized print or digital periodicals created by or for Two-Spirit people, often with the purpose of sharing news and information related to Two-Spirit communities and Two-Spirit issues."
2456,"Serialized print or digital publications about queer people or queer issues (and typically produced by queer people or queer organizations) that contain news, articles, columns, correspondence, and advertisements."
2457,"Serialized print or digital publications about transgender people or transgender issues (and typically produced by transgender people or transgender organizations) that contain news, articles, columns, correspondence, and advertisements."
2458,"Serialized print or digital publications about transgender people or Two-Spirit issues (and typically produced by Two-Spirit people or Two-Spirit organizations) that contain news, articles, columns, correspondence, and advertisements."
2459,Commercial establishments that prepare and serve food and drinks; use in reference to restaurants that cater primarily to LGBTQ+ people or are known to be frequented by LGBTQ+ people.
2460,Police raids on LGBTQ+-affiliated or -related nightclubs.
2461,"LGBTQ+ people who are advanced in age, typically defined as older than 60 years of age."
2462,"Queer people who are advanced in age, typically over 60 years of age."
2463,"Transgender people who are advanced in age, typically over 60 years of age."
2464,Multi-residence facilities that provide assisted living services to elderly people; use in reference to retirement homes that primarily cater to LGBTQ+ people.
2465,"Operas created by transgender directors, depicting transgender individuals, or that are regarded as important within transgender culture."
2466,"Queer people who are members of polytheistic religions or other religions outside of the dominant culture that typically incorporate nature worship and/or the sacred feminine, such as Wicca, Druidry, Heathenry, etc. Use to describe queer people who self-identify as Pagan."
2467,"Transgender people who are members of polytheistic religions or other religions outside of the dominant culture that typically incorporate nature worship and/or the sacred feminine, such as Wicca, Druidry, Heathenry, etc. Use to describe transgender people who self-identify as Pagan."
2468,LGBTQ+ people who are parents but are not married or part of a long-term partnership.
2469,Parents who are non-binary.
2470,"Transgender people who are the romantic, sexual, or play partners of another person or people."
2471,"Queer people who are the romantic, sexual, or play partners of another person or people."
2472,"Two-Spirit people who are the romantic, sexual, or play partners of another person or people."
2473,"LGBTQ+ people currently in recovery from use disorders, conditions, or addictions. Follow the individual's preference for ""recovery"" or ""sobriety"" whenever possible."
2474,"Umbrella term for LGBTQ+ people experiencing addictions, dependencies, or use disorders of some kind. Only use to refer to individuals who describe themselves as having addictions. Apply more specific terms if possible."
2475,"LGBTQ+ people who do not have access to stable, safe, and adequate housing; includes people living in emergency shelters; transitional housing, and on the street."
2476,LGBTQ+ people who have served in but are no longer active members of the military or armed forces.
2477,LGBTQ+ people who have experienced crimes and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for “victims” or “survivors” whenever possible.
2478,"LGBTQ+ people who are members of recovery groups, or voluntary associations of people in recovery from use disorders, conditions, or addictions."
2479,"LGBTQ+ people intentionally refraining from substance use (typically drugs or alcohol). Follow the individual's preference for ""sobriety"" or ""recovery"" whenever possible."
2480,"Umbrella term for LGBTQ+ people who use substances (that are typically deemed harmful or are subject to legal restriction, such as drugs or alcohol) for any reason. Apply more specific terms if possible."
2481,"LGBTQ+ people who have been diagnosed with or regard themselves as having a substance use disorder, a medical condition that involves a pattern of substance use that is difficult to control, negatively impacts the individual's life, and results in withdrawal symptoms upon cessation. Only use to refer to individuals who describe themselves as having a substance use disorder. Follow the individual's preference for ""use disorder"" or ""addiction"" whenever possible."
2482,"Women and, in some definitions, non-binary people of any sexual identity or sexuality who are attracted to women. Some but not all sapphics use the term ""sapphic"" to describe their sexual identity or sexuality. Only use to describe individuals who self-identify as sapphic."
2483,"Slang term used to describe women who have romantic and/or sexual relationships with other women. Can be used to describe women who are exclusively or primarily interested in women, as well as women who are also interested in people of other or all genders. Only use to describe people who self-identify as WLW."
2484,"LGBTQ+ people who are Romani, or part of the traditionally nomadic Indo-European people."
2485,LGBTQ+ people who belong to or are descended from the people native to the Maldives (including the island of Minicoy) and speak the Maldivian language.
2486,The participation and inclusion of queer people in fan communities.
2487,"The use of substances (that are typically deemed harmful or are subject to legal restriction, such as drugs or alcohol) and discussions surrounding the particular impact of substance use within LGBTQ+ communities."
2488,"LGBTQ+ people who have been diagnosed with or regard themselves as having an alcohol use disorder, a medical condition that involves a pattern of alcohol use that is difficult to control, negatively impacts the individual's life, and results in withdrawal symptoms upon cessation. Only use to refer to individuals who describe themselves as having an alcohol use disorder. Follow the individual's preference for ""use disorder"" or ""addiction"" whenever possible."
2489,"Recovery groups, or voluntary associations of people in recovery from use disorders, conditions, or addictions, that are accepting and supportive of LGBTQ+ people and their identities."
2490,Queer people serving in state and national armed forces.
2491,Transgender people serving in state and national armed forces.
2492,Two-Spirit people serving in state and national armed forces.
2493,"The presence of queer people in the workplace, including acceptance of and issues faced by queer workers."
2494,"The presence of transgender people in the workplace, including acceptance of and issues faced by transgender workers."
2495,"The presence of Two-Spirit people in the workplace, including acceptance of and issues faced by Two-Spirit workers."
2496,Queer people who have long-term health conditions that require continued medical attention and/or significantly impact or limit daily life; some but not all people with chronic illnesses consider themselves disabled.
2497,Transgender people who have long-term health conditions that require continued medical attention and/or significantly impact or limit daily life; some but not all people with chronic illnesses consider themselves disabled.
2498,Two-Spirit people who have long-term health conditions that require continued medical attention and/or significantly impact or limit daily life; some but not all people with chronic illnesses consider themselves disabled.
2499,"LGBTQ+ people experiencing addiction to or dependency upon sexual activities involving the internet, including watching pornography, engaging in sexual conversations online, etc. Only use to refer to individuals who describe themselves as having internet sex addictions, not individuals who sexual practices are perceived as promiscuous or excessive by others."
2500,Erotic or sexually explicit magazines featuring LGBTQ+ people.
2501,Systematic mistreatment of queer people on the basis of their gender and/or sexual identities.
2502,Systematic mistreatment of transgender people on the basis of their gender identity.
2503,"Literary works, typically written in verse, that focus on queer characters, themes, or identity."
2504,"Literary works, typically written in verse, that focus on transgender characters, transgender themes, or transgender identity."
2505,"Literary works, typically written in verse, that focus on queer characters, themes, or identity.				"
2506,"Literary work, typically written in verse, that focuses on non-binary characters, themes, or identity."
2507,"Literary work, typically written in verse, that focuses on Māhū characters, themes, or identity."
2508,"Literary work, typically written in verse, that focuses on Two-Spirit characters, themes, or identity."
2509,"Queer people who are candidates for public office, are currently holding public office, or have held political positions. Politicians can be elected by public election or otherwise appointed."
2510,"Transgender people who are candidates for public office, are currently holding public office, or have held political positions. Politicians can be elected by public election or otherwise appointed."
2511,"Two-Spirit people who are candidates for public office, are currently holding public office, or have held political positions. Politicians can be elected by public election or otherwise appointed."
2512,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring queer people.
2513,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring transgender people.
2514,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring non-binary people.
2515,
2516,
2517,Erotic or sexually explicit films featuring Māhū people.
2518,"Newspapers, magazines, or other publishing outlets aimed at queer audiences and/or operated by queer people."
2519,"Newspapers, magazines, or other publishing outlets aimed at Two-Spirit audiences and/or operated by Two-Spirit people."
2520,"LGBTQ+ people who are imprisoned because of their sexual or gender identities; may also be used to describe LGBTQ+ individuals imprisoned because of their race, religion, or political views."
2521,LGBTQ+ people who are Quakers.
2522,Queer people who are members of the Protestant Church.
2523,Transgender people who are members of the Protestant Church.
2524,Companies and organizations that publish materials for queer communities or addressing queer issues.
2525,Companies and organizations that publish materials for transgender communities or addressing transgender issues.
2526,Companies and organizations that publish materials for Two-Spirit communities or addressing Two-Spirit issues.
2527,Auditory content broadcast on the radio (analog or digital) about queer people and queer issues.
2528,Auditory content broadcast on the radio (analog or digital) about transgender people and transgender issues.
2529,Auditory content broadcast on the radio (analog or digital) about Two-Spirit people and Two-Spirit issues.
2530,Ongoing connections between two or more individuals involving romantic behaviors or activities.
2531,"The relationships (primarily romantic or sexual) between characters in fanworks, including relationships that are not present within the canon text."
2532,"Ongoing connections (romantic, sexual, or platonic) between two or more Two-Spirit people."
2533,LGBTQ+ people who are Shintoists.
2534,LGBTQ+ people who are Taoists.
2535,LGBTQ+ people who are shamans either through traditional community practices or self-designation.
2536,"A theological method that developed out of queer theory. Queer theology, which encompasses the previously commonly used terms gay theology and lesbian theology, can variously be understood as (1) theology done by, with, and for LGBTQ+ people according to their needs; (2) theology that purposefully opposes social and cultural norms surrounding gender and sexuality; and (3) theology that broadly challenges and deconstructs harmful historical boundaries."
2537,Queer people who are members of the Roman Catholic Church.
2538,Transgender people who are members of the Roman Catholic Church.
2539,Written literary work focusing on romantic relationships and love between people; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on queer characters or themes.
2540,Written literary works focusing on romantic relationships and love between people; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on transgender characters and themes.
2541,Written literary work focusing on romantic relationships and love between people; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				
2542,Written works of fiction revolving around romantic and/or sexual relationships between the main characters; use in reference to romance fiction focusing on non-binary characters.
2543,"Written literary works about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on queer characters or themes."
2544,"Written literary works about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on transgender characters and themes."
2545,"Written literary works about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				"
2546,"Written literary work about imaginative or futuristic concepts incorporating science, technology, space, time travel, and other speculative elements; use in reference to science fiction focusing on non-binary characters or themes."
2547,
2548,
2549,
2550,
2551,
2552,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on queer characters or themes.
2553,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on transgender characters or themes.
2554,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				
2555,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on non-binary characters or themes.
2556,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on Māhū characters or themes.
2557,Written literary works that are short in length and detail a self-contained incident or concept; use in reference to short stories focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes.
2558,LGBTQ+ people who are fathers but are not married or part of a long-term partnership.
2559,LGBTQ+ people who are mothers but are not married or part of a long-term partnership.
2560,"Families headed by a single parent. For single parent families headed by or including LGBTQ+ people, use the term ""LGBTQ+ single parent families."""
2561,"A slang term commonly used in LGBTQ+ subcultures to describe alkyl nitrites, a class of drug that produces a high when inhaled. Poppers are often associated with gay nightlife because they can be used to facilitate anal sex by relaxining the anal muscles."
2562,Colloquial or informal language related to queer people or used by queer people.
2563,Colloquial or informal language related to transgender identity or used by transgender people.
2564,Colloquial or informal language related to Two-Spirit identity or used by Two-Spirit people.
2565,"Visibility of LGBTQ+ people in society, meaning the extent to which LGBTQ+ people and identities are recognized by the general public."
2566,Public scandals surrounding sensational cases of sexual indecency or sex crimes.
2567,Term used to describe the European movements for sexual reform in the 20th century.
2568,Social perspective from the 1960s into the 1970s that challenged traditional codes of behavior related to sexuality and interpersonal relationships throughout the Western world.
2569,Sons who identify as queer.
2570,Transgender people who are sons.
2571,"Groups of LGBTQ+ people meeting to offer encouragement, comfort, and advice to one another, typically relating to common experiences and issues related to being LGBTQ+."
2572,"Queer people who have experienced and survived bullying due to their gender or sexual identity; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2573,"Transgender people who have experienced and survived bullying due to their gender identity; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2574,"Two-Spirit people who have experienced and survived bullying due to their gender or sexual identity; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2575,"Queer people who have experienced and survived hate crimes; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2576,"Transgender people who have experienced and survived hate crimes; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2577,"Two-Spirit people who have experienced and survived hate crimes; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2578,"Queer people who have experienced and survived rape; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2579,"Transgender people who have experienced and survived rape; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2580,"Two-Spirit people who have experienced and survived rape; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2581,"Queer people who have experienced and survived sexual abuse; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2582,"Transgender people who have experienced and survived sexual abuse; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2583,"Two-Spirit people who have experienced and survived sexual abuse; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2584,"Queer people who have experienced and survived war; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2585,"Transgender people who have experienced and survived war; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2586,"Two-Spirit people who have experienced and survived war; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2587,"International symbol of gay pride and the gay rights movement that symbolizes the reclamation of the pink triangles used in Nazi Germany to identify gay men (and, later, bisexual men and transgender women) who were sent to concentration camps."
2588,Rainbow-striped flags that symbolize LGBTQ+ pride and LGBTQ+ social movements. The first rainbow pride flag was created by Gilbert Baker in 1978.
2589,Television shows featuring queer people or queer themes.
2590,Television shows featuring transgender characters or themes.
2591,Television shows featuring Two-Spirit characters or themes.
2592,"Art created through actions performed by the artist or other participants, typically for a live audience."
2593,"Works in the performance arts that focus on queer characters, communities, or issues."
2594,A form of erotic dance during which the performer gradually undresses in a seductive and sexually suggestive manner.
2595,Works in the performance arts that focus on transgender characters or themes.
2596,"Works in the performance arts that focus on megasexual characters, communities, or issues.				"
2597,Works in the performance arts that focus on Two-Spirit characters or themes.
2598,
2599,"Queer people who have experienced bullying due to their gender or sexual identity and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2600,"Transgender people who have experienced bullying due to their gender identity and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2601,"Two-Spirit people who have experienced bullying due to their gender or sexual identity and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2602,"Queer people who have experienced hate crimes and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2603,"Transgender people who have experienced hate crimes and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2604,"Two-Spirit people who have experienced hate crimes and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2605,"Queer people who have experienced rape and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2606,"Transgender people who have experienced rape and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2607,"Two-Spirit people who have experienced rape and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2608,"Queer people who have experienced sexual abuse and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2609,"Transgender people who have experienced sexual abuse and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2610,"Queer people who have experienced war and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2611,"Transgender people who have experienced war and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2612,"Two-Spirit people who have experienced war and may or may not have survived; follow the individual's preference for ""victims"" or ""survivors"" whenever possible."
2613,"Queer people’s legal rights to be informed, present, and heard within the criminal justice system after having been harmed or injured as the result of of a crime, accident, or other event."
2614,"Transgender people’s legal rights to be informed, present, and heard within the criminal justice system after having been harmed or injured as the result of of a crime, accident, or other event."
2615,"Two-Spirit people’s legal rights to be informed, present, and heard within the criminal justice system after having been harmed or injured as the result of of a crime, accident, or other event."
2616,Queer people who use wheelchairs.
2617,Transgender people who use wheelchairs.
2618,Two-Spirit people who use wheelchairs.
2619,"Megasexual people between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
"
2620,Educational institutions providing instruction and resources specifically for LGBTQ+ youth.
2621,Two-Spirit people who are between the ages of childhood and adulthood.
2622,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on queer characters or themes."
2623,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on transgender characters or themes."
2624,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on megasexual characters or themes.				"
2625,"Written literary works for an audience of readers from 12-18 years of age, also known as young adult literature or YA; use in reference to youth literature focusing on Two-Spirit characters or themes."
2626,"Groups of people united by a religion or religious practices that are accepting and supportive of LGBTQ+ people and their identities. Includes large-scale organized groups, such as denominations or sects, as well as small-scale groups, such as specific churches, mosques, temples, or congregations."
2627,Businesses focusing on Two-Spirit clientele and products related to Two-Spirit communities.
2628,An unannounced warrantless search of a primarily LGBTQ+-affiliated or -related residence or establishment by police. Such attacks are often traumatic and chaotic and may circumvent typical criminal procedure and civil liberties.
2629,Businesses owned by Two-Spirit people.
2630,Native American Zuni people assigned male at birth who exhibit mixed gender traits.
2631,A person's overall sexual drive or desire for sexual activity.
2632,The process by which an individual's body experiences and reacts to sexual stimuli.
2633,"Rooms or areas in public or commercial spaces where people change clothes, bathe, and store items or personal belongings. LGBTQ+ people, particularly trans people, are often restricted from using locker rooms under the pretense of public safety."
2634,"Liquids or gels used during sexual activity, typically to ease the act of penetration by a penis or a sex toy."
2635,"Set of attitudes, behaviors, and cultural norms stereotypically associated with or expected of men and which are regarded as having a negative impact on men and society at large."
2636,A term coined by the Kānaka Maoli (Native Hawaiian) queer community in the early 2000s that blends the term Māhū (for third gender indigenous people of Hawai'i and Tahiti who blend genders and often hold spiritual roles) and kāne (man).
2637,A term coined by the Kānaka Maoli (Native Hawaiian) queer community in the early 2000s that blends the term Māhū (for third gender indigenous people of Hawai'i and Tahiti who blend genders and often hold spiritual roles) and wahine (woman).
2638,Term used in Malaysia for transgender women.
2639,Asexual individuals who belong to or are descended from the people native to the Maldives (including the island of Minicoy) and speak the Maldivian language.
2640,Bisexual individuals who belong to or are descended from the people native to the Maldives (including the island of Minicoy) and speak the Maldivian language.
2641,Gay men who belong to or are descended from the people native to the Maldives (including the island of Minicoy) and speak the Maldivian language.
2642,Intersex individuals who belong to or are descended from the people native to the Maldives (including the island of Minicoy) and speak the Maldivian language.
2643,Lesbians who belong to or are descended from the people native to the Maldives (including the island of Minicoy) and speak the Maldivian language.
2644,Queer individuals who belong to or are descended from the people native to the Maldives (including the island of Minicoy) and speak the Maldivian language.
2645,Transgender individuals who belong to or are descended from the people native to the Maldives (including the island of Minicoy) and speak the Maldivian language.
2646,Mbo term for third gender people.
2647,"Form of manual stimulation involving gripping, pulling, or putting tension on parts of one’s body or another person's body for sexual stimulation, arousal, or pleasure."
2648,Slang term for masturbation that is commonly used in the United States.
2649,Slang term for masturbation commonly used in the United Kingdom and Ireland; typically refers to the manual stimulation of the penis. 
2650,People whose spouses or partners have died.
2651,"Individuals who are currently married, or part of a legal union involving two or more people in a personal relationship that may or may not grant certain economic, legal, and social rights."
2652,Romantic and/or sexual partnerships of two people who are unmarried.
2653,Government-issued documents that serve as official records of marriages; can be used in reference to LGBTQ+ people's marriage certificates or their efforts to acquire marriage certificates.
2654,"Legal documents issued by a religious organization or local authority that authorizes marriage. In some jurisdictions a license is necessary to legalize a union, but this varies by locale."
2655,"Marriages between individuals who do not share the same sexual orientation (e.g., bisexual-heterosexual marriage, allosexual-asexual marriage)."
2656,Same-gender marriage tradition between two women in Africa conducted according to African culture and traditions.
2657,Swahili term for people assigned male at birth who engage in sex with men and who may dress as women.
2658,Erotic or sexual enjoyment of pain and intense sensations. 
2659,Erotic or sexual enjoyment of the application of pain or intense sensations. Derived from the literary works of the Marquis de Sade.
2660,Sex act in which two or more people simultaneously stimulate their own genitalia.
2661,"Sexual acts involving only one person, such as masturbation, as opposed to sex with a partner."
2662,People with Type 1 Mayer-Rokitansky-Küster-Hauser (MRKH) syndrome typically have only the differences associated with MRKH syndrome.
2663,"People with Type 2 Mayer-Rokitansky-Küster-Hauser (MRKH) syndrome have both the differences associated with MRKH syndrome and additional differences in other parts of their body, such as their fallopian tubes, kidneys, spine, or heart. A specific example of Type 2 MRKH known as Müllerian agenesis, Renal agenesis, Cervicothoracic Somite (MURCS) association, occurs when someone’s kidneys do not develop typically. They may have scoliosis or fused vertebrae in addition to the usual features of MRKH. "
2664,"Movement that began in the 1960s and 1970s (primarily in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia) in response to the women's movement. Consists of groups and organizations of men and their allies working to address gender issues and their impact on men. Different men's movement groups vary significantly in how they frame their relationship to the women's movement and society at large. Not to be confused with the men's or father's rights movement, which focuses on perceived inequalities faced by men and seeks to maintain patriarchal values."
2665,Officially recognized third gender in Nepal; predominantly used to refer to transgender women.
2666,Relationship orientation in which individuals are exclusively committed to one partner at a time.
2667,"An enduring pattern of desire for connection and relationships (romantic, sexual, or play) with people of specific identities or within specific relationship orientations (monogamy, polyamory, polygamy)."
2668,"People who act as a mother to one or more LGBTQ+ person. For mothers who are themselves LGBTQ+, use the term ""LGBTQ+ mothers."""
2669,A person who assumes the role of mother to an asexual person; use only for individuals who self-identify as mothers.
2670,A person who assumes the role of mother to a bisexual person; use only for individuals who self-identify as mothers.
2671,A person who assumes the role of mother to a gay man; use only for individuals who self-identify as mothers.
2672,A person who assumes the role of mother to a lesbian; use only for individuals who self-identify as mothers.
2673,A person who assumes the role of mother to a transgender person; use only for individuals who self-identify as mothers.
2674,Individuals who assume the role of mother to a queer person or queer people; use only for individuals who self-identify as mothers.
2675,Sexual activities that take place outside in mud.
2676,A term used in classical Arabic to refer to men who are perceived as effeminate.
2677,"In Zapotec cultures of Oaxaca (southern Mexico), this term refers to people assigned male at birth who dress and behave in feminine ways; sometimes considered a third gender."
2678,"In Māori culture in New Zealand, this term is used to describe people assigned male at birth who pursue traditionally female roles."
2679,"Bisexual people who are Native American, or part of the Indigenous peoples of North America; only use for people who self-identify as both Native American and bisexual."
2680,"Gay men who are Native American, or part of the Indigenous peoples of North America; only use for people who self-identify as both Native American and gay men."
2681,"Lesbians who are Native American, or part of the Indigenous peoples of North America; only use for people who self-identify as both Native American and a lesbian."
2682,"Queer people who are Native American, or part of the Indigenous peoples of North America; only use for people who self-identify as both Native American and queer."
2683,"Transgender people who are Native American, or part of the Indigenous peoples of North America; only use for people who self-identify as both Native American and transgender."
2684,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ne went to the Homosaurus website. I watched nem browse the Homosaurus. Ne uses the Homosaurus nis.
2685,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ne went to the Homosaurus website. I watched nir browse the Homosaurus. Ne uses the Homosaurus nemself.
2686,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Se went to the Homosaurus website. I watched ser browse the Homosaurus. Se uses the Homosaurus serself.
2687,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Shi went to the Homosaurus website. I watched hir browse the Homosaurus. Shi uses the Homosaurus hirself.
2688,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ve went to the Homosaurus website. I watched vem browse the Homosaurus. Ve uses the Homosaurus verself.
2689,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Vi went to the Homosaurus website. I watched ver browse the Homosaurus. Vi uses the Homosaurus virself.
2690,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Vi went to the Homosaurus website. I watched vim browse the Homosaurus. Vi uses the Homosaurus virself.
2691,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Voi went to the Homosaurus website. I watched void browse the Homosaurus. Voi uses the Homosaurus voidself.
2692,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Xe went to the Homosaurus website. I watched xyr browse the Homosaurus. Xe uses the Homosaurus xemself.
2693,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Xey went to the Homosaurus website. I watched xem browse the Homosaurus. Xey uses the Homosaurus xeir.
2694,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Xey went to the Homosaurus website. I watched xem browse the Homosaurus. Xey uses the Homosaurus xyr.
2695,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Xie went to the Homosaurus website. I watched xer browse the Homosaurus. Xie uses the Homosaurus xerself.
2696,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ze went to the Homosaurus website. I watched zir browse the Homosaurus. Ze uses the Homosaurus zirself.
2697,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ze went to the Homosaurus website. I watched hir browse the Homosaurus. Ze uses the Homosaurus hirself.
2698,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ze went to the Homosaurus website. I watched mer browse the Homosaurus. Ze uses the Homosaurus zemself.
2699,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ze went to the Homosaurus website. I watched zem browse the Homosaurus. Ze uses the Homosaurus zirself.
2700,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Zee went to the Homosaurus website. I watched zed browse the Homosaurus. Zee uses the Homosaurus zedself.
2701,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Zie went to the Homosaurus website. I watched zir browse the Homosaurus. Zie uses the Homosaurus zirself.
2702,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Zie went to the Homosaurus website. I watched hir browse the Homosaurus. Zie uses the Homosaurus hirself.
2703,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Zie went to the Homosaurus website. I watched zem browse the Homosaurus. Zie uses the Homosaurus zirself.
2704,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Zme went to the Homosaurus website. I watched zmyr browse the Homosaurus. Zme uses the Homosaurus zmyrself.
2705,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Peh went to the Homosaurus website. I watched pehm browse the Homosaurus. Peh uses the Homosaurus pehself.
2706,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Per went to the Homosaurus website. I watched per browse the Homosaurus. Per uses the Homosaurus perself.
2707,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Yo went to the Homosaurus website. I watched yo browse the Homosaurus. Yo uses the Homosaurus yosself.
2708,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Thon went to the Homosaurus website. I watched thon browse the Homosaurus. Thon uses the Homosaurus thonself.
2709,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Si went to the Homosaurus website. I watched hyr browse the Homosaurus. Si uses the Homosaurus hyrself.
2710,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Sie went to the Homosaurus website. I watched hir browse the Homosaurus. Sie uses the Homosaurus hirself.
2711,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ve went to the Homosaurus website. I watched ver browse the Homosaurus. Ve uses the Homosaurus verself.
2712,Native American Ojibwa term for Two-Spirit people.
2713,"Used in Native American Blackfoot tribes for people assigned female at birth who are not constrained to the social roles of women; translates to ""manly-hearted woman."""
2714,"Sex toys consisting of clamps, usually connected by a chain, that are attached to the nipples to cause pain and erotic pleasure."
2715,Sexual acts involving stimulation of the nipples.
2716,Practice of engaging in romantic or sexual relationships with more than one person simultaneously without each partner's consent.
2717,Chamorro (Mariana Islands) term for third gender people.
2718,"Egyptian term that refers to a range of people of non-normative gender and sexual identities, including gay people, eunuchs, trans people, etc. Only use to describe people who self-identify as sekhet. "
2719,"In Madagascar, this term refers to people of a third gender who were assigned male at birth and present feminine characteristics."
2720,"Regional term in Tamil Nadu, India for people assigned female at birth who identify as men."
2721,North American Inca term for people assigned male at birth who fulfill a third gender role that is often spiritual in nature.
2722,"In Venezuela's indigenous Warao culture, this term refers to people assigned male at birth who are thought to possess two spirits and often assume a spiritual role; translates to ""twisted women."""
2723,Spanish term for people assigned male at birth who have a feminine gender identity; commonly used in South America.
2724,Ancient Hindu term for a third gender that is typically described as fluid and/or continuously transformative.
2725,"Israeli term used in reference to an unknown gender; literally translates to ""hidden."""
2726,Third gender people in Indonesia who are assigned male at birth but who express femininity and may identify as women.
2727,"North American Lakota word referring to people assigned male at birth who adopt feminine roles; translates to ""to be like a woman."""
2728,Chinese word for individuals who are both female (yin) and male (yang).
2729,"In northern India and Pakistan, this term is used to refer to effeminate people."
2730,A sect within the larger Spiritual Christianity movement in the Russian Empire that emerged in the 18th century. This sect is most commonly known for conducting castrations and mastectomies in order to suppress sexual desire.
2731,"In Jewish culture, this term is used to refer to individuals who were assigned male at birth but later developed feminine characteristics.."
2732,Term used in the Andhra Pradesh region of India to describe transgender people who are considered to be married to the gods (particularly Shiva). They often serve as astrologers and spiritual healers and their community is guarded by gurus who induct disciples and train them.
2733,Social category present in societies that recognize three or more genders.
2734,"Nigerian term that directly translates to ""feminine men"" but cannot be easily understood through Euro-American understandings of gender. The term has been used to describe people who may identify variously as feminine men, gay men, both male and female (or third gender), and/or trans. While some people self-identify as yan daudu, others consider the term a slur. Only use to describe individuals who self-identify as yan daudu."
2735,People whose relationship practices differ from those of the dominant culture.
2736,"Practice of engaging in social activities while nude, either in private or public. This term also refers to the cultural movement advocating for nudism as an alternative, healthy lifestyle."
2737,Bisexual people who identify as both Pacific Islanders (or of Pacific Islander ancestry) and American.
2738,Gay men who identify as both Pacific Islanders (or of Pacific Islander ancestry) and American.
2739,Lesbians who identify as both Pacific Islanders (or of Pacific Islander ancestry) and American.
2740,Queer people who identify as both Pacific Islanders (or of Pacific Islander ancestry) and American.
2741,Transgender people who identify as both Pacific Islanders (or of Pacific Islander ancestry) and American.
2742,Sexual identity used to describe sexual and/or romantic attraction to people of all genders.
2743,"Bisexual people who are Papuan, or part of the Indigenous peoples of new Guinea; only use for people who identify as Papuan."
2744,"Gay men who are Papuan, or part of the Indigenous peoples of new Guinea; only use for people who identify as Papuan."
2745,"Intersex people who are Papuan, or part of the Indigenous peoples of new Guinea; only use for people who identify as Papuan."
2746,"Lesbians who are Papuan, or part of the Indigenous peoples of new Guinea; only use for people who identify as Papuan."
2747,"Queer people who are Papuan, or part of the Indigenous peoples of new Guinea; only use for people who identify as Papuan."
2748,"Transgender people who are Papuan, or part of the Indigenous peoples of new Guinea; only use for people who identify as Papuan."
2749,Individuals who have one or more LGBTQ+ child.
2750,"People who act as parents to one or more asexual person. For parents who are themselves asexual, use the term ""Asexual parents."""
2751,"People who act as parents to one or more intersex person. For parents who are themselves intersex, use the term ""intersex parents."""
2752,"People who act as parents to one or more queer person. For parents who are themselves queer, use the term ""Queer parents."""
2753,"People who act as parents to one or more transgender person. For parents who are themselves transgender, use the term ""Transgender parents."""
2754,Individuals who have one or more non-binary child.
2755,The practice of notifying the sexual partners of a person who has been newly diagnosed with a sexually transmitted infection to inform them that they have been exposed to the infection.
2756,"Individuals who have one ore more romantic, sexual, or play partner who is LGBTQ+."
2757,"People whose sexual, romantic, or play partner is asexual."
2758,"People whose sexual, romantic, or play partner is bisexual."
2759,"People whose sexual, romantic, or play partner is a gay man."
2760,"People whose sexual, romantic, or play partner is intersex."
2761,"People whose sexual, romantic, or play partner is a lesbian."
2762,"People whose sexual, romantic, or play partner is queer."
2763,"People whose sexual, romantic, or play partner is transgender."
2764,"Abbreviated form of the phrase ""trans for trans,"" a label used to describe trans people who prioritize engaging in romantic, sexual, or other relationships with other trans people."
2765,"The ability of a person who is not heterosexual to ""pass,"" or be accepted or regarded as heterosexual by others. ""Passing"" has historically been used to describe an individual's ability to ""pass"" as a certain race or ethnicity, though the term was later appropriated by the LGBTQ+ community."
2766,"Live sex shows or pornographic movies viewed through a small opening or magnifying lens, typically from a coin-operated booth."
2767,Assessments of penile tumescence in response to erotic stimuli in order to test an individual's sexual preference or excitement.
2768,"Sexual encounters that take place over the phone, whether in a phone call or on a video call using a smartphone."
2769,"Historical and contemporary linkages between white supremacist ideologies and modern policing institutions, primarily discussed within the context of the countries of Canada and the United States."
2770,"Practice by which police induce LGBTQ+ individuals to commit actions considered to be crimes that otherwise would not have been committed, or would have been unlikely to have been committed."
2771,"Any of various forms of inappropriate conduct, illegal actions, or abuses of power which directly or indirectly harm LGBTQ+ persons, including, but not limited to, coerced confessions, intimidation, false arrests and imprisonment, falsification of evidence, police perjury, witness tampering, police brutality and corruption, racial, ethnic, and other forms of profiling, unwarranted surveillance, searches, or seizure of property, bribing or lobbying to gain excessive power or status or to avoid consequences, selective enforcement, and sexual misconduct."
2772,"Police raids on LGBTQ+-affiliated or -related meeting places, whether an individual’s residence, a business, or another institution. "
2773,Shooting of LGBTQ+ individuals or individuals perceived as being LGBTQ+ by police officers.
2774,"Act of sending sexually explicit messages or photographs, primarily between mobile phones."
2775,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: They went to the Homosaurus website. I watched them browse the Homosaurus. They use the Homosaurus themself.
2776,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: They went to the Homosaurus website. I watched them browse the Homosaurus. They use the Homosaurus themselves.
2777,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: She went to the Homosaurus website. I watched her browse the Homosaurus. She uses the Homosaurus herself.
2778,
2779,Public or commercial facilities equipped with showers or places to bathe.
2780,"Identity term that can be used to describe several not-necessarily-mutually-exclusive understandings of queerness. Queerness can describe identities that exist outside of or between different identities, and also identities that actively resist normative understandings of sexuality and/or gender. This term should only be used for those who self-identify as queer."
2781,Queer people who identify as transgender.
2782,"Bondage equipment consisting of wooden or metal bars with cuffs at either end that are used to keep the individual's arms or legs apart, typically during sexual activities or for sexual stimulation."
2783,"Term used to describe changes in behavior related to safer sexual practices (e.g., condom use, STI testing)."
2784,"The act of pretending to be and behaving as a character in a sexual or romantic relationship with another character of the same sex or gender, sometimes to generate ideas for fanworks. Typically erotic or pornographic in nature. Historically used for male-male couples only, but is now used more broadly; includes femslash roleplay."
2785,"Asexual people who are Romani, or part of the traditionally nomadic Indo-European people."
2786,"Bisexual people who are Romani, or part of the traditionally nomadic Indo-European people."
2787,"Gay men who are Romani, or part of the traditionally nomadic Indo-European people."
2788,"Intersex people who are Romani, or part of the traditionally nomadic Indo-European people."
2789,"Lesbians who are Romani, or part of the traditionally nomadic Indo-European people."
2790,"Queer people who are Romani, or part of the traditionally nomadic Indo-European people."
2791,"Transgender people who are Romani, or part of the traditionally nomadic Indo-European people."
2792,"BDSM sex play in which the submissive partner wears a rubber suit and/or restraining layer of clothing, causing personal sensory deprivation."
2793,Women who have fetishes for or engage in fetish activities involving rubber and belong to the rubber community; frequently associated with U.S. LGBTQ+ subcultures.
2794,Men who have fetishes for or engage in fetish activities involving rubber and belong to the rubber community; frequently associated with U.S. LGBTQ+ subcultures.
2795,"Social gatherings or events originating from Black lesbian communities in the Southern United States in the 1990s. Safer sex parties are typically held at private locations where organizers and participants discuss safer sex practices, sexuality, and sexual experiences."
2796,"Sexual identity or sexuality term used to describe women and, in some definitions, non-binary people who are sapphic, or attracted to women. Only use to describe individuals who describe their identity as sapphic."
2797,A person’s natural height in an upright position.
2798,"Enticing or tempting someone into something, typically sexual attraction or activity, through the use of persuasion, flattery, and/or promises."
2799,Traditionally refers to a wide range of practices in Hindu and Buddhist yoga usually involving the ritual exercise of sexuality. Do not use outside of these contexts.
2800,"Sexual behaviors that depart from an individual's typical behaviors or preferences as a result of social pressures that permit, encourage, or compel certain behaviors."
2801,
2802,Sex toys designed to mimic parts of or the entirety of the body.
2803,
2804,A form of counseling intended to address sexual dysfunction and other sex-related issues.
2805,"People who professionally study sexology, or human sexual behavior and sexual relationships."
2806,"Scientific study of human sexuality including sexual interests, behaviors, and functions that utilizes tools from other academic fields like anthropology, biology, medicine, and psychology. "
2807,"One’s ability or prerogative to freely choose when, with whom, and under what circumstances they engage in sexual activity or relationships."
2808,"A condition characterized by painful, spasmodic contractions of the vagina in response to physical contact, pressure, or insertion."
2809,Contemporary term for LGBTQ+ people in China and Taiwan.
2810,"People who share a sibling relationship with one or more LGBTQ+ person. For siblings who are themselves LGBTQ+, use the term ""LGBTQ+ siblings."""
2811,"Fan-created photo manipulations or deepfakes depicting sexual or romantic relationships between characters from various media properties. Typically erotic or pornographic in nature. Historically used for male-male couples only, but is now used more broadly; includes femslash manips."
2812,"Creating videos about sexual or romantic relationships between same-sex or -gender couples using scenes from television, movies, or video games. Historically used for male-male couples only, but is now used more broadly; includes femslash vidding."
2813,LGBTQ+ people who are white.
2814,"Sons who have one or more LGBTQ+ parent. For sons who are themselves LGBTQ+, use the term ""LGBTQ+ sons."""
2815,Asexual people who belong to or are descended from the ethnolinguistic groups of South Asia.
2816,Bisexual people who belong to or are descended from the ethnolinguistic groups of South Asia.
2817,Gay men who belong to or are descended from the ethnolinguistic groups of South Asia.
2818,Intersex people who belong to or are descended from the ethnolinguistic groups of South Asia.
2819,Lesbians who belong to or are descended from the ethnolinguistic groups of South Asia.
2820,Queer people who belong to or are descended from the ethnolinguistic groups of South Asia.
2821,Transgender people who belong to or are descended from the ethnolinguistic groups of South Asia.
2822,Individuals who are categorized (by their will or by social consensus) as neither man nor woman.
2823,"Term used to describe the identity of people who transition from female to male or male to female. Generally refers to individuals who transition their physical bodies to align with their gender identities. Though this term was popular in the 20th century and is still in use today, it has been largely replaced by ""transgender identity"" and ""trans identity."" Some but not all people regard this term as outdated and offensive. Only use to describe people who self-identify as transsexual."
2824,The process of gently and incrementally stretching the vagina using vaginal dilators.
2825,Asexual people who are white.
2826,Bisexual people who are white.
2827,Gay men who are white.
2828,Intersex people who are white.
2829,Lesbians who are white.
2830,Queer people who are white.
2831,Transgender people who are white.
